There's a live arrest warrant out on you
now, right? You can't go to the US now.
>> I'm on the pole red list.
>> The biggest military computer hack in
all time.
>> We talked about the case of computer
hacker Gary McKinnon on which the prime
minister has expressed very clear views.
>> Well, on Mr. McKinnon, we have proceeded
through all the processes required under
our extradition agreements.
>> I was just a guy, normal guy interested
in UFOs. Happened to have some IT
skills. Nothing genius level. You hacked
into the army, the navy, the air force,
the department of defense, and NASA.
>> They wanted to put you in prison for 60
years. So
>> 70
>> for 70 years.
>> And I bought potassium chloride, and I
was just going to swallow it and have a
heart attack and die.
>> Oh my god.
>> Mr. McKinnon is accused of serious
crimes. The reason that you are here
today on this show is because what you
found.
>> He found, he says, photographic proof of
alien spacecraft and the names and ranks
of something he called nontterrestrial
officers.
>> I was in my dressing gown up till like 4
in the morning, smoking weed, drinking
beer. Right of my life really.
The first one I looked at was the one
where I saw the picture and um so I
double clicked this
but it was very very slow. I was on a
56k dialup and uh I was just thinking my
god this is my eureka moment.
Then there's like slowly a hemisphere
started appearing and I'm thinking
that's a planet.
>> What the hell? And then suddenly there's
a big straight kind of silvery line,
cigar- shaped object.
I see the mouse move and someone else is
at the computer themselves. They right
clicked, disconnect, and boom, that was
it. I was cut out.
>> What do you think photographed it?
>> Very good question. This spreadsheet was
titled non-terrestrial officers, so not
on the Earth. And that was incredible. I
had one very strange experience that I
can't explain to this day. I was
suddenly woken up by a really sharp pain
that immediately I just went in my left
heel. There were two perfectly circular
holes. Wa
weird.
>> Explain what's going on quickly.
>> I can't turn my phone off. You can see
my finger is on the power button and
both This is like a hard reset.
>> That's never happened before.
>> Absolutely. It's never happened before.
But you're with Gary McKinnon.
>> Ignition sequence start.
>> How is this possible?
>> Nothing too unusual about that.
>> Their existence cannot longer be denied.
Before we dive into the incredible story
of Gary McKinnon, I want to shine a
light on one thing his story reminds you
of instantly, online privacy. Gary is a
brilliant self-taught hacker who pulled
off what the Pentagon called the biggest
military computer hack of all time. All
from a bedroom in London. In this
interview, Gary goes into extreme detail
about what he found in some of the
world's most sensitive files. And I
still can't wrap my head around what
you're about to hear. After hearing what
he found, you might think he hit the
ultimate UFO disclosure jackpot.
However, the moment he went online, a
digital trail started forming. Think
about the moments most of us could get
exposed. It won't look like Gary's story
where he broke into sensitive government
systems, saw something truly
unbelievable floating in space, and then
had his access cut off midsession. For
most of us, our risk exposure is usually
much simpler, like joining hotel Wi-Fi,
airport Wi-Fi, or even your office
network. Going incognito doesn't hide
your browser from the Wi-Fi owner, and
your internet service provider can just
log what you do online. That's why I use
ExpressVPN.
It encrypts and reroutes my traffic
through secure servers and masks my IP.
I literally turn it on before doing
sensitive research for the show. Like
looking into whether mid-century
scientist Thomas Towns and Brown cracked
anti-gravity in the 1950s. That's
exactly when I want my browsing to stay
private. So, if you're like me and you
like going down crazy rabbit holes, make
sure your research isn't exposed on
whatever Wi-Fi you're on. Thanks to our
sponsor ExpressVPN, you can now get up
to four extra months of your ExpressVPN
service by clicking the link in the
description below at
expressvpn.com/ameanalchemy.
That's expressvpn.com/ameanalchemy
to get the privacy you deserve. Thanks
again to ExpressVPN for sponsoring
today's historic episode. Because if
Gary's story teaches us anything, it's
that your online privacy matters.
Legend has it that in 1943, the Navy
tried to teleport a ship in what's now
known as the Philadelphia experiment,
and it kind of worked. It disappeared,
reappeared, and then half the crew got
atomically fused into the ship's walls.
Others just vanished. No one was where
they were supposed to be. Talk about a
breakdown in communication. And you know
who was leading the whole project? My
favorite, the mid-century anti-gravity
inventor Thomas Townsen Brown, who
literally had a nervous breakdown that
year due to the very poor communication
among the team members. You know what
that sounds like? Your team before you
had quo. This year, upgrade your system
to a workspace that keeps your team from
shattering across dimensions. If you've
ever tried to schedule a meeting across
five time zones and six platforms, you
know the absolute horror of losing
people to the ether. That's why today's
episode is brought to you by Quo,
spelled Quo, the smarter way to run your
business communications. It's a single
streamlined command center for calls,
notes, transcripts, chats, even AI
summaries. An all-in-one shared reality,
yours. No vanishing, no fusing into
calendars. Just your team fully
entangled and synced across time zones,
timelines, even caffeine levels. Make
this the year where no opportunity and
no customer slips away. Try Quo for
free. Plus, get 20% off your first 6
months when you go to quo.com/jesse.
That's quo.com/jessie.
Quo, no missed calls, no missed
customers. Now, back to the show. This
is such an honor. I am here with uh he's
been at the top of my list of people
I've wanted to interview for years now,
and uh I'm so lucky to have this
opportunity through James Fox, the great
documentarian, uh Gary McKinnon.
>> Oh, thank you. I'm glad to be here. I
love your channel. Um I've been a
longtime subscriber, so yeah, I really
like a lot of the interviews you do, and
I'm I'm glad to be here, too. Let's
let's just go back to uh the early
2000s. Tell me the year and the day and
and and tell me about your life at the
time. And then I want to get into the
actual, you know, event.
>> Okay. Um I can't remember the day, but
the year was 2000, early 2000. And um my
life pre to that I'd always had a deep
interest in UFOs. Um mainly from my
stepdad. Um he used to live in Faluk
which is near Bonnybridge which is in
Scotland and it's like a Scottish UFO
hotspot. Had many many sightings almost
like a tourist attraction. You know
people go there to see UFOs
and uh I had one sighting myself uh when
I was about 12 and um I was looking out
of my bedroom window and I saw this kind
of reddish orange glowing light and it
was moving in an arc from there to the
horizon and it was um but it was like
brownie in motion. It wasn't a straight
line. It was like wiggling around and I
just thought, "What on earth is that?"
Um, and I was also a member of Buhora at
the time, the British UFO Research
Association.
Yeah, I I was hooked from an early age.
And so, I guess it only made sense that
eventually I'd try and do something to
further my own interest and find out
more. Um, but unfortunately, it involved
in breaking the law. So, sorry, Mom.
So, so you already have an interest in
UFOs. Had you seen a UFO or like, you
know,
>> just that one sighting?
>> Just that one sighting. Okay.
>> But I had my stepdad's stories. He'd
seen them. Um his brother, my step uncle
had seen them.
>> Yeah. And and um and so you have this
personal interest. And then do do you
have like a hacking background or like
do you have any sort of like cyber
background? Are you really good with
computers?
>> Um no hacking background. And I used it.
I was good with computers. I had a I
started off an Atari games console in
like 7879
and then eventually got the Atari
computer, learned to program in basic at
first and then machine code, assembler
language. Uh moved up from that and um
then eventually got jobs in computing,
very low-level jobs to start off with,
network installation, Windows
configuration.
um then did uh computer science degree
uh which I eventually failed because I
spent too much time in the student bar.
>> Um but yes so I eventually ended up
contracting but at banks quite high
level stuff but doing very basic sort of
networking stuff
>> so I had a good background in networking
especially Windows knew how they
communicated and some Linux stroke Unix
Solaris stuff like that.
So when
I mean the internet came to Britain in
95 I think I first had the internet and
uh the first thing I searched for was
UFOs and uh it was very popular loads of
websites loads of information
>> and um fast forward about five or six
years I read the disclosure project book
Steven Greer and his team
>> and they told you installations
locations and I thought I've got to have
a look at this. I wanted it from the
horse's mouth. I didn't want to just
believe. I wanted to know. And so I
thought I could use my basic networking
skills just to do a scan, you know, a
light scan on American military
networks, which which is mad now, but
but back then it was just kind of like a
playful idea.
And um I wrote a Pearl script. Pearl is
a program extraction reporting language,
just a scripting language. And that I
could run that across thousands of
machines in minutes and find a blank
passwords or passwords that were either
blank or password admin a basic list.
And um when you do like widescale
fishing like that, you do you know some
fish bite. And that was my basic method
to getting entrance to these places.
>> And so some of these extremely sensitive
American military sites had blank
passwords
>> big time. That's crazy. I mean,
>> it although that seems beyond belief, it
also makes sense. Like the the
government's way more incompetent than
often, especially people in UFO world
give them credit for it because we
assume they have workable reverse
engineered crafts that they know how to
use at will or what. So like what you of
course would have password set up, but
two 2000 is early internet. we were
still worried about Y2K, you know, so
like we didn't really understand how a
lot of this stuff worked. It was this
big experiment and so Wow. So that that
sort of fishing thing came up with some
some fish.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh
>> and as you say, the government really
isn't tailored for this, especially the
military. Um they don't well they didn't
then employ specialized IT workers. They
trained up existing military employees
in the you know basic techniques to run
a network. There weren't advanced
security aware guys running government
networks or military networks.
>> And are you So while you're doing this,
are you just like sitting in a apartment
or something?
>> It's a bit embarrassing. Um my
girlfriend and I at the time we were
living in her auntie's house on the
ground floor and um I was in my dressing
gown up till like 4 in the morning
smoking weed, drinking beer, just like
ride of my life really for you know
youngish guy. I think I was 36 at the
time. So yeah
>> I uh you know I don't think that's um
embarrassing for you. I think it's
embarrassing for the the sites you
hacked into. Um, okay. So, you're
you're uh you're getting a little late
night buzz and you're you know, you're
at your your your girlfriend's aunt's
house and you're just like, I want to
find I want to know for myself what's
going on in UFO World. You do this blank
password search. You actually come up
with some results as far as sites that
you can get into. Yeah.
>> What do you look at first?
>> Uh, well, the first thing I had to do
was test my method.
>> Mhm. So I did that on British sites and
we're currently in Cambridge, home of
the famous university. Um I had
Cambridge's FTP server, file transfer
protocol server and um Oxford as well
and a couple of poly techchnics at the
time which are now universities. And um
I realized the technique worked. If you
if you cast far enough a wide net, you
know, something's going to come in. And
um then I thought, okay, let's go for
the um the locations. And my list of
locations all came from the Disclosure
Project book.
>> And also there was a I forget the title
of it. There was like a hackers network
document going around of a list of
potential UFO secrecy sites.
>> And I took some of the um names from
there, but all that told you was the
network names
or the particular department of defense
like sub department that that owned that
network. Um, so I used a site at the
time which was called Nihei's IP index.
And this guy had done some work. He'd
used like domain search tools and built
a huge list of who owns what subnets. So
I could just grab a block, plug it into
my script, and scan like a quarter of a
million computers in 8 minutes.
Typically 5% would respond. And then
from that 5%, a further 5% would have
blank passwords.
>> Okay. Okay. You got it. So you do this
like narrowing process and you end up
with what is it like 97 sites that you
can get into or something like that.
>> Yeah, that was the end result
>> which is a lot of sites.
>> And what do the sites include as far as
acronyms that people would be familiar
with or program names people would be
familiar with.
>> Okay. The NSA I got into Fort ME
>> DA Defense Information Systems Agency,
DoD Networks, Basic Army Networks, Navy
Networks, Yousef, US Air Force Networks.
>> Okay. Wow. So yeah, those are some
pretty intense organizations that uh at
the very least we know hold the keys to,
you know, all sorts of, you know,
military technology secrets that confer
tactical advantage to the US, if not
some of these deeper, you know, more
interesting mysteries that, you know,
you and I uh uh share an interest in. So
what do you do next as far as your
search and what do you find?
>> Yeah. Okay. So I'm one guy. I've got
potentially thousands of IPs to search
the individual computers. Um, and once
you find a blank password, and these are
Windows networks, um, you need to
become, uh, the administrator, which is
like, you know, the highest local
account.
Um, and eventually the domain
administrator, which controls the entire
network.
Um, so once I was on one PC or a
network, I then attack the domain server
and get that password. And that's
through dictionary attacks, password
cracking. Um I actually used a tool
called Loft Crack. I don't know if
that's still around. And um once I'd
done that, it's a huge job for one
person. Huge job. So I found a program
called Land Search. This is all
commercially offtheshelf available
software. And what lens search enabled
me to do was to type in a search term
and it would search every file and
folder on all the local PCs that I had
control of which could be I think the
largest I did was 5,000 at one time
which took hours you know light. Um so
yeah that's how I that was my system for
making it doable for one person and also
it depends on your search terms.
>> These files aren't going to be called
UFO secrets. M
>> um so I had to look for things like you
know secret top secret um just anything
just to and PDF PDF documents were
particularly helpful. A lot of stuff was
in PDF back back then and uh the
redacting they did on PDFs back then was
not fully redacted. You could unredact
it once you downloaded the file to your
own PC. So, it was a huge networkwide
document search and just grabbing what I
could, spending hours getting it, and
then spending hours reading it and
trolling through it.
>> Are you When you're spending hours
reading it, is this like you backed this
stuff up on a hard drive or is it just
on your PC?
>> Yeah. Downloaded to my PC.
>> Okay. So, it's just on your PC.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. And so, so you're going through all
this stuff. Were there any other things
you saw that were interesting outside
of, you know, we'll get to the the crazy
kind of UFO related stuff that you
found? Was there anything else that you
that you saw while while searching
through these documents?
>> I was looking for free energy as well. I
never found anything to do with that.
>> Mhm.
>> One thing I have to say, I never found
anything to do with Solar Warden. Solar
Warden is a huge rumor that was started
by an anonymous poster on the above top
secret forum. So there's no evidence for
Solar Warden and I have nothing to do
with it. Never heard of it apart from
you know rumors pertaining to myself.
>> Yeah. For the audience solar warden is
has become associated with these sort of
secret space program Gaia you know
people like Corey good you know that say
that we have like a terrestrial you know
we have like humans like in in like deep
space right now and they engage in these
like 20 years and back missions or
whatever. And there's like a documentary
on it and it's like the it's the worst
documentary I think I've ever seen.
>> I bet it is.
>> You believe in a secret space program,
but I don't believe Cory. Good.
>> Yeah. Well, that's the thing. It's like
Pizzagate and Epstein. It's you. The
best way to debunk the truth or to
pre-immunize the population from ever
actually looking into the truth is to uh
uh kind of you know inoculate them, send
out stuff that is directly adjacent to
the truth and then ensure that that gets
debunked because it's so primmaaccia
ridiculous.
>> Yeah. Standard intel technique.
>> Yeah. So I Yeah. So the fact that
there's some sort of Yeah. Standard
intel techniques. So, the fact that um
you know uh a blog an anonymous blog
post and then you have all these people
kind of flooding the zone with secret
space program stuff makes me think that
there might actually be something next
to that that might be that might be true
that dovetales with what you did find.
Anything else that you found that was
interesting before the the crazy stuff?
>> Um nothing to do with ET or anything
like that, but it's very interesting
what um on one site I found the jailer's
file. Every military base has a jailer.
M.
>> And it's just crazy. You've got guys
taking LSD that work on submarines.
>> Really?
>> So, lots of interesting human stories,
you know,
>> where they're taking LSD that work on
submarines.
>> Yeah. I mean, well, yeah, cuz the
they're soldiers basically.
>> Oh, I'm so I'm tripping now. And like,
you know, they're dealing drugs like
they've got Hell's Angels gangs bringing
in the drugs. And so, that was
interesting for human story. It's
nothing to do with what we're here to
discuss today, but it's entertaining.
>> Okay. That's fascinating. I thought I
thought for a second you were talking
about like MK Ultra mind control like
taking LSD at the bottom of submarines
and testing consciousness or Okay. So
just you know recreational spice it up
down there.
>> Interesting.
>> Make the 9 to5 less boring.
>> Yeah. And so you're systematically
you're looking for UFOs, you're looking
for free energy. Any other like you know
kind of terms that are on your mind in
going into this search?
>> No, that was my main focus. And um with
UFOs, it was particularly the
propulsion. What I was interested in was
the energy and the propulsion. Aliens
didn't excite me so much because I'm
sure they exist because it's a huge
universe. But I wanted something that
could um that we could use, you know, as
people and I was convinced that it was
secret technology, but they knew
something about that the populace at
large wasn't allowed to have access to.
>> Yeah. Well, I think you were you were on
to something maybe. But uh
>> in Britain at the time, we had old age
pensioners couldn't pay their fuel bills
and energy was a really sad story for a
lot of people. So to have something that
was free.
>> Yeah.
>> And yeah, it was just too juicy not to
have a go at finding
>> Yeah. I mean, it would be hugely
disruptive to establishment
institutions. You know, if if you know
our energy prices dropped from, you
know, 50 bucks per kilowatt hour to like
50 cents per kilowatt hour, that would
be hugely disruptive. It just would. I
think um it's a control mechanism isn't
it as well just like water is starting
to be food has been for a while.
>> Yeah. Anything that's scarce and can be
acred at the top I think is totally a
control mechanism and
>> anybody who doesn't think that you know
um having access to a critical threshold
of oil has not determined American
foreign policy over the last 70 years is
nuts. Like I mean you see it with Maduro
in Venezuela and then you know worries
about what's going on in Iran visav that
you know and so and like it's it's all
you know very very you know obviously
interconnected. I mean Desert Storm in
the early 90s was basically pulled off
because Saddam Hussein in overtaking
Kuwait controlled a fifth of the world's
oil supply and that was just
unacceptable.
>> Yeah. And one thing about Venezuela is
it wasn't just um America's domestic
supply. It was what foreign powers could
get. China was about to do a deal with
Venezuela.
>> That's right. I think it would only
amount to like 1 or 2% of China's
imports, but it's still something.
>> Yeah. Still something. They're sitting
on a lot of oil there. And you see this
like these crazy sort of game theory
dynamics visa v China taking place with
Greenland and other places. So it's it
all cuts to these. And if you look at
like why the US had to back down off
this recent, you know, trade agreement
deal with with China and kind of concede
some some things, it was due to rare
earth refinement being basically a
monopoly uh in China. And so, you know,
these things are like very real things
geopolitically. And so if I I I agree
with you. I think it's very interesting
if there's any sort of novel exotic
physics that's stuck in a compartment in
the government. You know, I' I'd like to
know as well.
>> Yeah.
And I even think there probably
interesting ways to use it
geopolitically. Like if you if you have
it where it's like it's some sort of
carrot for like okay maybe you don't
give it to like you know gross dictators
or whatever but it's like a way to like
incentivize reform or I don't know but
like just keeping it to yourself that
seems wrong maybe.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But you're right. It's a
real hard line to walk isn't it? How do
you have that public for you but not
public for other countries because you
have spies and
>> totally and there there are dual use
implications for a lot of things. So
like a good example would be you know uh
controlled fusion or whatever would you
know is is the really positive you know
use of of nuclear fusion which would
allow for you know sort of free energy
if you have over unity. Um, but then you
know
fusion also creates the hydrogen bomb,
right? And so so like you never know
like if you had some free energy device
that you were putting in a compartment
or something if that also allowed a kid
in his bedroom to blow up the world like
you do have to like do some
calculations. There's this guy Ashton
Forbes online who I don't know if you're
familiar with him on the airplane
>> talks about yeah MH370 the like these
like orbs wrapping around the plane and
then it zaps it and he's like sure that
there's like free energy like you know
being held by
>> me the most fascinating thing about that
was where's the provenence for that
video?
>> It's never been shown.
>> It's never been Yeah. We don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. But um Okay. So what do what
do you find next? So, um, there was a a
special witness for Steven Greer's
disclosure project called Donna Hair,
and she said that when she worked, she
was pretty hard. She was a a NAZA launch
photographic specialist. I think she had
secret clearance. Um, cuz she'd get, you
know, very close-up photos of all the
mechanics and engineering and stuff for
launches and the launch platform, under
the launch platform.
and she said that she worked in uh
building 8 of Johnson Space Center JSC
and that her colleague who worked across
the corridor and this is all something
he shouldn't have done um cuz they
chatted you know had lunch together or
whatever and he one day he just beckoned
her across the corridor and said come
and take a look at this and this is the
days of analog photography
and so he's got um you know big like
contact sheets and slides and they used
to be developed under red light and
silver nitrate. And he said, "What do
you think this is?" And there was a huge
white disc on this satellite photo of
the Earth.
And she being a photographic expert
herself said, "Oh, it's just a blob of
the emulsion, you know, the old cavical
of the the sheets."
>> And then he's grinning and he says, "Uh,
dots on the emulsion don't leave round
shadows on the ground." And there was a
round shadow at the right angle, at the
correct angle, the sun shining on the
trees. I saw pine trees. I didn't see a
coastline. I don't know where this was,
but um I looked at him and I was pretty
startled because I'd worked out there
several years and never seen anything
like this. Never heard of anything like
this. And uh I said, "Is this a UFO?"
And he's smiling at me and he says, "I
can't tell you that." So I said, 'What
are you going to do with this
information? And he said, 'Well, we
always have to airbrush them out before
we sell them to the public.
>> Because they sell on the imagery to like
colleges, universities, you know, Earth
shots and magnificent
scenes from space. Um, so yeah, his job
was to blot this stuff out and make sure
it wouldn't get seen. And they didn't
have Photoshop then, so I'm not sure. I
think you know the airbrush term
literally comes from a physical airbrush
on the emulsion where they just blur
things and uh you see lots of examples
on this of like lunar photography from
Clementine mission the lunar orbiter the
LRO lunar recordings orbiter
um so I read this story absolutely
fascinated you here was this highly
qualified woman she'd worked for a long
time NASA and I think the air force
previously to that and um and did she
say disc she said flying saucer.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> She then and she says so that shape, the
circular shape.
>> Yeah. And the shadow.
>> Okay. Wow.
>> And um I was already in J Johnson Space
Center at the time.
>> So I thought building 8. Okay. I wonder
if that's still running cuz she worked
there and I think the late ' 80s or the
early 90s.
>> So you're in the Johnson Space Center
files on your PC. You're going
>> I was already there when I read this.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So I thought I've got to have a
look. I've got to have a look. And I
thought, how the hell do I find building
8? But luckily, Windows has um you can
do network commands in a console rather
than a GUI with a mouse. And you can
type it like net stat, network status,
tells you all the people connected to
the machine. And there's other commands
whereby
NAZA are great auditors of their system.
So they have these special commands for
auditing where you see the machine, the
PC, the number, the serial number, the
date when it was last maintained, all
stuff like that, and the building it's
in. So I ran those commands that
produced a list and I stripped out I
think it was about 1,500 machines or
maybe 150 machines. But um once I
stripped out the building eight
machines, uh there was only like a dozen
maybe. And uh I ran the blank password
script on them and I think about half of
them were accessible.
And the first one I looked at was the
one where I saw the picture and it was
strange. It was um I did a lot of
network support before that as well. And
most users desktops are covered in
stuff, short cards, emails, like
electronic post-it notes. And uh these
were very bare desktops. All they had
was like two folders, raw and process.
and maybe a couple of other shortcuts.
Um,
and so I thought, I've got to look at
this. It's got to be images. It's where
she said it was. It looks like images.
It says RAW. It says processed.
And, uh, I double clicked into the
folders. And it's a proprietary NAZA
image format that I can't run on my
desk. Not a JPEG, not a PNG.
Um, so what I had to do was basically
there was a what was it called? There
was uh
there was I I basically had to run Naza
software. I had to double click it on
the desktop cuz my hacking method
although I'd get in there with a blank
password which was CLI command line. Um
once I was in there I was using remotely
anywhere. I think it still exists. It's
like PC anywhere. It's like you're
sitting at the desktop. You can see the
screen on your screen. And um so I
double clicked this but it was very very
slow. I was on a 56k dialup which was um
to give some idea of the speed it was if
you download an MP3 music file now
you've got it in a few seconds then it
was 5 minutes per megabyte
>> and a song might be 3 megabytes and 15
minutes for one song and no one would
even accept that now
>> so I double clicked this it was taking
ages so I canceled it I turned down my
remote graphical remote control thing
into like 8 bit color then four bit
color eventually I think yeah I think
four bit color or two bit color it was
basically four or five different colors
so it was a shitty image
>> and um but it came on the screen like
you know almost line by line I think a
few lines at a time so it's coming in
blocks and I'm looking and there's like
blackness then there's like slowly a
hemisphere started appearing I'm
thinking that's a planet what the
hell this could be what she said then
the hemisphere comes into view and it's
very blocky
But it's kind of blue and white. So I'm
thinking it must be Earth. And then
suddenly there's a big straight kind of
silvery line and then it's coming down.
Then that's I guess what they now call a
tic tac but what we used to call cigar-
shaped
>> object. And this thing was admittedly
it's low resolution. It's coming down
slowly. But this thing looked very kind
of smooth
>> on the outside. There was no lines
whether we'd be like plates fixed or
screws and bolts and stuff and uh I was
just thinking my god this is my Eureka
moment confirmed Donah's story not that
Don hair story needs confirming
um yeah and it got to I got the whole
ship you know in view and then it
started to go below that where I would
see the rest of the the um the sphere of
the earth I assume it was the earth and
um it was just amazing the only man-made
possibly man-made thing that was there
was like geodisic domes like radar
stations uh one on top below on both
sides and I thought well that's strange
it's kind of man-made looking but not
man-made looking and then
I've got graphical remote control I see
the mouse move someone else the person
someone else is at the computer
themselves and they're moving the mouse
they right clicked on the local area
network icon you know right next to your
clock on the bottom right of your
Windows taskbar disconnect act and boom,
that was it. Come. I was cut out and I'm
sitting there like waiting.
>> Oh my god.
>> Baited breath for my Eureka moment. Come
on. Come on. Come on.
>> Oh my god. Anything else on the cigar?
So smooth. No, it doesn't seem like
rivets or seams. It's hovering above the
earth. Do you notice anything else?
>> No. Just like a very smooth cylinder.
The geodic domes.
And
>> so the little dome dome on top, dome on
bottom.
>> Yeah. And either end. Yeah.
>> And on either end.
>> Well, that could just be the kind of
cigar
>> Sure.
>> tube like the closure of the cylinder.
>> Sure. Sure. Sure. I suppose.
>> Yeah.
>> That is fascinating.
>> So interesting. And did you ever speak
with, you know, yourself or through
intermediaries with Donna Hair?
>> Oh yeah.
>> And did she say that's the disc that I
saw? And I just because I think of disc
with her and then cigar tic tac with
you.
>> Yeah. She saw that one photo I disc, but
she also spoke to um
>> Okay, so these are probably different
images. You're just confirming that the
same building probably has a whole lot
of images that they're sitting on.
>> Yeah. Even though it might be 10 or 20
years later, apparently this is still
the place where there's images of, you
know, UFOs or exotic craft and they're
being airbrushed out. It is proof that
at least I mean it's really interesting
that you have a whistleblower come out
with nobody has any evidence for her
claims at this point and she says you
know this is where we process the
images. I was shown this image building
8 Johnson Space Center. you
independently, you know, halfway across
the world, hack into Johnson Space
Center, look at building 8, and then one
of the first things that pops up on your
screen is an image of a UFO hovering
above the Earth, which is clearly not
the exact same UFO, but it's, you know,
>> it's definitely exotic. It's nothing,
you know, it wasn't a rocket. It wasn't
ISS. It wasn't like a space lab or
>> Well, it doesn't sound like a satellite
to me, a cigar like rotating around.
>> There's no antenna either. There's
nothing. No like telemetry or sensor
looking stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> That is wild. And I mean and then also
now we have the uh lucky hindsight, you
know, in in in 2026 of Commander David
Fraver's experience of 2004, just a few
years later uh off the coast of San
Diego where he sees a tic-tac object and
they have, you know, apparently radar.
We've seen the fleer imaging, the
thermal imaging of this thing. It's for
everyone to see. The Pentagon has
verified that that's real.
>> All four of us, cuz we were in F-18F, so
we had pilots and Wizo in the back seat,
looked down a small saw white tic tac
object with a longitudinal axis pointing
north south and moving very abruptly
over the water like a ping pong ball. It
rapidly accelerated in front of us and
disappeared. Our wingmen roughly 8,000
ft above us lost contact also.
>> And then you have a lot of other
witnesses. You have his co-pilot. You
have another plane and two pilots in
that plane. You have, you know, a whole
lot. You have the obviously radar
>> some guys on the ship. Exactly.
>> So, are you the first like other I mean
there I think I believe there's some
other tic tac and cigar like there's you
know I think flying there there are air
force documents from the late 40s um
that describe uh flying butane tanks. I
don't know if you know about this.
>> I haven't heard it like that.
>> David Grush, famous UFO whistleblower
has talked about this. And then in
Robert Hastings great book UFOs and
nukes which talks about UFOs showing up
at nuclear installations all over the
world including in the UK actually at
Rendlessham Forest in 1980 really famous
case. Uh he talks about um tic tacs or
cigar- shaped objects often being sort
of like a mother ship and saucers flying
out of the the tic tacs.
>> Yeah, I think that was it Maelstrom AFB
in America as well. similar thing
happened. Yeah, like definitely a mother
ship kind of configuration.
>> Yeah. No, a ton has happened at
Malmstrom actually. So, it's definitely
likely that in certain cases some sort
of tic because a tic tac or cigar is one
of the most common descriptions people
have. There's a case we were just
talking earlier, you know, uh thank you
James Fox, great documentarian for the
intro to Gary,
>> great guy. And we were saying that he
sort of singlehandedly resuscitated this
obscure Brazilian UFO crash in 1996, the
Virginia case. And there's a guy Carlos
Dza who's a ultra light pilot geography
teacher who literally saw the crash and
he felt the material just like in
Roswell with Jesse Marcel. He feels the
material and it's it feels like uh you
know memory metal. I could see quite a
few pieces of debris on the ground and I
picked them up and it was kind of curved
and then I was surprised to see how
light it was. So I said I'll keep it and
so I crunched it up and so I made this
kind of movement you know to put it in
my pocket
and what happened was this foil or this
sheet regained its shape.
So I thought
what is this?
I was completely floored.
>> Yeah. It sprung back into its original
shape. And guess what the shape of the
craft was that he saw that crash?
>> Right. So
>> cigar tic tac. Yeah. So
>> yeah, lots of synchronicities there.
>> What was your first instinct when you
saw it? How how did you feel and what
did you think? You know, often I think
like if you're taking like a multiple
choice test, it's like your first
instinct's often right, you know, and
then you second guess yourself. So, do
did you have like a an on the spot
interpretation?
>> I'm not an aeronautics expert or a space
vehicle expert, but to me, you know, I I
watched space stuff with interest since
I was a kid, and it wasn't your normal
space stuff, so I knew that. Um, but
there wasn't, you know, I didn't know if
it was extraterrestrial. Yeah, I still
don't obviously, you know, it could be
something man-made, but it was
definitely something secret
>> because it was nothing like like we
already have up there. Dan, did did you
uh have any sort of like instinct of I
mean the obvious question is like is it
ours or is it theirs?
>> Yeah, you know a big distinction. Well,
I think because of Donair's story, my
instinct was that yeah, it was alien
because that's what she described. She
described unknown things in high-res
NASA satellite imagery that they had to
airbrush out because I don't know, maybe
they thought it would panic the public
or they had no explanation for it. And
what did she say as far as why they
airbrushed it out and didn't just admit,
you know, yeah, we're surrounded by
these cool exotic objects?
>> Yeah, we shared a few emails. She's
passed now, unfortunately. God bless her
soul.
>> Um, and we had one, I think it was like
2 and 1 half hour, 3 hour phone
conversation.
And, um,
she thinks like just like a lot of us do
that a lot has been hidden. Uh, it's
being hidden for reasons of control.
Um, but it's weird when you try and
extrapolate from this, you think, well,
wouldn't you use technology like that in
a war if you had that? Would you use it
openly to your own advantage or so? To
me, that tells me that it's still
unknown even to the people with the
highest authority on that subject.
>> I think that's right. if it's not well
known and it's flying with impunity over
our nuclear sites. Yeah. And in
sensitive airspace and in space next to,
you know, our recon satellites and
stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> You would be extremely embarrassed to
you wouldn't be able to admit, you know,
you know, but if but if you did know
what was going on, you would just tell
the public, yeah, we not only do we know
what's going on, but then you try to
signal that you know what's going on and
you've like reverse engineered it
because you'd want to, you know, kind of
soften, you know, the enemy sort of
thing. And so I actually think some of
modern disclosure might be, you know,
intel tactics to try to like say that we
know more than we do, but also recruit
on the topic because like actually they
don't really know what's going on, you
know?
>> I think you're absolutely right.
Embarrassment is a huge factor.
>> Yeah.
>> Um even just my my hacking was an
embarrassment. So if they're embarrassed
by something like that, can you imagine?
Yeah. I mean, it's just indeterminable.
It's hugely different.
Um and also fear because I mean why you
know are they here?
>> Yeah.
>> What are they doing? Why are the
interest in nuclear missiles? Is it for
protection of us? Is it that we
destabilize some kind of
interdimensional thing or
>> Yeah.
>> You know we're with atoms.
>> Did you get the sense Yeah. Right. We
are we're doing a lot genetics atoms bow
warfare. So,
>> so you when you saw this thing, did you
get the sense that it was moving in a
predictable orbit? I mean, it's it's a
static image, so you have no way of
knowing, but did you get the sense that
it was like moving in a in an orbit or
that it was like just kind of
maneuvering around or Well, I've seen
photos of Leo low Earth orbit stuff. Um,
and this looked to be maybe I mean, I
have no idea of the scale of this thing.
Um, but with the hemisphere,
it was way beyond low Earth orbit.
>> Okay.
>> But I don't know. I mean,
>> you know, there's a actually a Wikileaks
uh email with John Podesta on it that's
been deleted from the internet, but
still, if you go on the way back
machine, I think I think there's some
like Reddit forums that discuss this.
Definitely a real email. and he is
talking with uh kind of a contractor
from some aerospace corporation I think
in California and he mentions the the
the contractor I think the guy's name is
Bob Fish said they're having lunch
together and this is him recalling it in
the email and Fish says uh yeah we
spotted some uh fast walkers today
>> and um they were I think this was in
specific reference to the DSP the uh
defense support program which I think is
this very deep geostationary
kind of recon thing that the Air Force
does. This was the Air Force at the time
because now Space Force would do it, you
know, post 2019. But
>> yeah,
>> I wonder if you saw a fast walker
because also if you um uh uh uh try to
foyer fast walkers, which John Greenwald
did, uh the space force gets back and
says, "We, you know, clearly there are
some records, but we can't we can't talk
about them." Yeah.
>> Yeah. Wasn't there a CIA foyer to do
with fast walkers as well?
>> Maybe. Maybe. Yeah, it might be the CIA.
Actually, it might not even be
Spaceport. I might be getting that
wrong, but yeah. Interesting. So, but I
guess one question would be like was it
lateral to the earth? Like was it
moving? Yeah. Lateral to the earth
because I think it wouldn't make sense
to me if it was like vertical to the
earth. Like if the if the butt was
facing the earth, I'd be like that
doesn't feel like an orbit like it's in
a predictable orbit. You know what I
mean?
>> Yeah, it was definitely
>> it was lateral
>> 90 to the earth.
>> It was at 90.
>> Yeah. So that Yeah, it's it's
horizontal.
>> Horizontal. I wasn't seeing it end on.
So, you're right. It was in a position
to be rotating around
>> possibly in orbit.
>> Just traveling past
>> or just traveling past.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Or Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, it
wouldn't be It wasn't like going
directly at the Earth. It was like
moving laterally somewhat. Okay.
>> So, interesting.
Any other detail? I guess you could you
don't you don't know color, right?
Because it's silvery white. I mean, it
was very I was in like I think two bit
color.
>> Okay. but or maybe for a bit but yeah it
was very kind of blocky and but it was
definitely white silvery white
>> and did you see any sort of I guess I
don't know how you'd see a shadow but
like did you see any sort of
>> I don't know cuz this is you know
>> so far out from Earth
>> interesting what do you think
photographed it
>> very good question yeah so this takes me
to um I reference the disclosure project
a cuz that was the root of a lot of my
locations and research at the time.
>> And um one of their witnesses, I forget
his name, he was DIA
and he got a lot of the information to
do with the satellites and he he he was
the one that said most of these
satellites are actually pointed outwards
and they're not like low Earth orbit
communication satellites. So I assume if
you've got very far out satellites
looking outwards, you can also rotate
them. Yeah. and look inwards. So that's
the only thing I could think of.
>> Okay. So that is fascinating. You see
that? How are you feeling when you see
that?
>> Oh man, I was ready to inform the press,
tell the world, oh my god, like it's
true and NZA knows and NZA has known for
ages and Donair was right. And but then
boom, disconnected
>> as it's loading.
>> Yeah.
>> So it hasn't even fully loaded.
>> Like two I saw like just under the
bottom half of the ship.
>> Yeah.
>> And um Yeah. then disconnect.
>> And you have no reason to lie about
this. You've never made any money off of
this, right? And if anything, you were
kind of put put on a witch trial. Like
there's sort of this witch hunt for like
20 years where this like, you know,
blanket extradition was attempted to be
applied to you where uh they wanted to
put you in prison for 60 years. So
>> 70
>> for 70 years.
>> Mr. McKinnon is accused of serious
crimes. On his visit to the White House,
David Cameron spoke to President Obama
about the case and both agreed they
could find an appropriate solution.
>> We talked about the case of computer
hacker Gary McKinnon on which the prime
minister has expressed very clear views.
You said you would work together to find
a solution. So, have you found one?
>> Well, on Mr. McKinnon. Uh we have
proceeded through all the uh
the processes
required under our extradition
agreements. Uh it is now in the hands of
the British legal system. Uh we have
confidence uh in uh the British legal
system coming to a a just conclusion. Uh
and so we await resolution and uh we'll
be respectful of that process. Well, we
had talks and they said, "Look, if you
just come along, don't fight it. You do
between age and 20." Like, that's a good
deal. Like, no, thank you. I'll fight
it. Um, and yeah, and that was actually
horrible. It was very depressing. Um, I
found out my own government because
governments are made up of individuals
and individuals have ties to other
individuals in the DOJ and the CPS, some
of them wanted me gone too,
>> just as a favor to the US, not because
of anything to do with right or wrong or
truth or justice, just as a favor.
Political porn.
>> Um, so that was awful. But not just for
me, my family, you know, your mom and
dad. And it's like,
>> weren't there some allegations of a
meeting that was had at the American
embassy out here where it was like we
want his head or something? Like it was
very extreme language used.
>> Yeah. Ed Gibson, who was a tache to the
US embassy in London at the time, met
with my lawyer
>> and he said, "We want to see him fry."
Electric chair reference.
>> Jesus Christ.
>> When she told me that, Karen, amazing
lawyer, stuck with us all through this
and fought and fought and fought. Yeah.
I was just I mean we already knew they
played dirt cuz I mean people have to
realize you know politics isn't about
>> people being safe and well looked after.
It's about the state
>> the furtherance of the state and its
objectives and the protectors the
protection of your state to foreign
states. So
>> yeah, no, that is definitely the the lay
of the land as is national security. And
uh you know, I just find it I find it
interesting that okay, you have guys
like Snowden and Assange wherever
you lie with them, which like whether
you think they're courageous and
ideological in in a way that really, you
know, exposed all sorts of, you know, uh
uh issues with the intel world and mass
surveillance and stuff. um or whether
you think they put like you know
Americans abroad in danger or whatever
which I I think there are like there is
some nuance there like I do think some
people in the intel world who talk about
this say well there there's some real
like bad effects around around this
>> but in Assange's defense he had lots of
phone calls before releasing that
information so he actually agreed it
with people in the state department
>> I didn't know that that's yeah well
there you go yeah but but but I was just
getting to the point of whatever you
think of those cases like Maybe there's
some, you know, like uh more gray area
or debate to be had or whatever. In your
case, you're just you're smoking weed in
your girlfriend's aunt's little flat
and it's like 4:00 a.m. and you're just
like a dude who's interested in UFOs
since you were a child and you want to
figure it out.
>> And so I it's just like to me if it's
the US like get your together. That
should be your you should be, you know,
it's almost like they might have uh
>> lashed out so much at you because they
were embarrassed. I mean that you
literally like it's it's on you. It's
not on this like poor English citizen
who has no clear like I don't I don't
think you're like particularly
ideologically set in like destroying
America, you know?
>> I've been there. I love that. Chicago.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, well,
we we'll get to that kind of more meta
conversation, but you also found some
other pretty crazy things uh while you
were while you were searching in your
girlfriend's aunt's flat. And so yeah,
what else did you what else did you find
besides this tic tac?
>> I think um I was on a Navy system at the
time. I can't remember. Cloud of weed,
etc., But um there was a spreadsheet,
Excel spreadsheet, and it was called cuz
I was saying earlier about my search
terms. It was UFOs, ET, terrestrial,
anything, spacecraft, anything I could
think of, which probably wouldn't be in
the in the title of the document. But um
this spreadsheet was titled
non-terrestrial officers, so not on the
Earth, which isn't necessarily alien. It
could just mean space-based marines or,
you know, secret space force. Um, and
that was incredible. It had ship names.
It had um material, the material, the
military spelling, not material.
Um, and it was transfers of weird
chemicals like malibdenum and other
weird things that are hard to pronounce.
Uh, shipto- ship transfers and fleetto
fleet transfers. And at the time, I
looked up the ship names thinking US
Navy must be Bones. Nothing. Absolutely
nothing. What do you remember the names
of the people?
>> No, I remember I don't remember any of
the names of the people, but the there
were long lists, you know. I think it
was just initial surname. I don't think
there were first names. Um, and the ship
names I was expecting like USS Lincoln
or, you know, Navy ships, but there was
none of that. Everything I And it wasn't
Google at the time. I I think it was Alt
Vista, the biggest search engine at the
time.
>> Um, and none of it was seagoing vessels.
So you see a list of non-terrestrial
officers and then you also see chemicals
being what are the names of these
chemicals?
>> Yeah. Uh
um barium something was in there.
>> They were very exotic.
>> So
what does that imply?
>> Do you remember the exact So what what
is malibd? Have you looked up what the
uses are of this? Like
>> yeah I remember malibdum I can't say it
now. Malibdinum.
Um
they're very exotic. They're used in
like uh magnetics.
Um
lots of very kind of exotic industrial
processes. A lot a lot to do with metal
hardening if I remember right like
metallergy.
>> Um like you make an alloy and it makes
it stronger than the original two
components.
So again that time now years later with
the research you've done the people
you've interviewed it's all making more
sense especially when when we come to
the bofield brown stuff and dialectrics
and
>> yeah we'll get to that
>> and like nano deposition of thin layer
materials.
>> Yes. Yeah. Thinly layered thinner than a
you know a human hair or whatever.
Micron
>> layered. This one sample is engineered
in layers thinner than microns through a
process unknown on Earth and for a
purpose we can only guess. Multi-layered
bismouth and magnesium sample. Bismouth
layers less than a human hair supposedly
picked up in the crash retrieval of an
advanced aerospace vehicle. Nowhere
could we find any evidence that anybody
ever made one of these.
>> Okay, this is fascinating though. So,
you see a list of how many
non-aterrestrial officers?
>> Oh, man. Um,
so my screen at the time was the old
like 800 by 600 monitors. I think I
might have had 1024 by 768 resolution at
the time. So, your typical Excel
spreadsheet without zooming in when you
just load it up was probably 24 lines
and I think there was about one and a
half or two pages. So, maybe like 30 40
names. You don't remember any of the
last names?
>> No.
>> Sorry.
>> You're killing me.
>> You're not kidding, man.
>> You got to give us a little breadcrumb.
>> Yeah. Yeah. This is one of the main like
criticisms of me. Why didn't you take a
bloody screenshot? Just alt print
screen. Alt print. But I did actually I
downloaded that Excel spreadsheet.
>> And when I got arrested,
>> all my data was taken to OI, Office of
Naval Intelligence.
>> So they still have my hard drives. I've
tried to get them back for years and
they said, "No, it's still an ongoing
investigation. You can't touch it."
>> Office of Naval Intelligence is the
oldest intelligence agency in the US. I
think it's 1882.
>> And it's often deeply implicated in
UFOs.
>> 1882.
>> 1882. So, the National Security Act,
which created the CIA uh was 1947.
And um you know, and then you had the
OSS before that, which was kind of this
wartime foreign intelligence effort.
Yeah. But, you know, Office of Naval
Intelligence well predates all of that.
And you had Thomas Towns and Brown doing
a lot of spooky science work for the
Navy.
>> And uh Yeah. And then you have this guy
Harold Malmrren who kind of ended up
giving me kind of a turned into kind of
a deathbed confession at the end of his
life. And it uh was wild. I mean, he was
like, "The Office of Naval Intelligence
knows the most about this issue. And
once you go in that door, the door shuts
and you can't get let out.
>> But he said one thing, naval
intelligence
are going to be around asking you
questions about your study.
They really get curious and if they talk
to you for any length of time, they'll
say, "Holy you really know a lot."
They're going to offer you special
access.
It's how they operate. I said, "What
does that mean? You'll open the doors,
you'll have full entry, the doors will
shut, and you'll be no exit the rest of
your life.
>> That is a closed system.
>> And he kind of implied that they
approached him in certain cases and
because of the fact that it was this
closed system, he didn't want to engage.
>> Wow.
>> So, very interesting. So, so they end up
with your stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. They were um when the British
police at the time it was the NHTCU,
National High-tech Crime Unit in the UK.
Um at first they said to me, "Oh, you
get 6 months. It's the Computer Mischief
Act 1995 in Britain. 6 months community
service, no time." And then they went to
America and visited O and I and other
top brass. And when they came back, the
tone had totally changed. It was just
really serious. M
>> um which of course eventually turned
into facing 70 years in prison.
>> So it was a huge like using a hammer to
crack a nut. It was you know David and
Goliath that whole thing. Yeah. So wild.
>> Yeah. Well, like you said earlier, I was
just a guy, normal guy interested in
UFOs, happened to have some IT skills,
little bit of hacking, black passwords,
nothing genius level. And then next
thing you know, boom, it just blows up.
>> Try to make an example of you. So, so,
so when you think about those chemicals
and you know, we're we'll get into our
mutual interest in Thomas Towns and
Brown and anti-gravity experiments.
So, you think that they could have been
used to create special alloys or what
you might call metamaterials in UFO
world
>> uh which allow for greater thrust in
these anti-gravity experiments. One
thing that is true about the Biffield
Brown effect and this anti-gravity
experiment is that if you use an
insulator in the middle that is
considered a high K dialectric which
means it stores and discharges easily a
lot of electromagnetism a lot of you
know electricity it stores electric
fields in it specifically. Um the thrust
you see in the experiment is is much
greater from the the negative electrode
to the positive electrode. So do you
think that you know I guess berium is
actually in towns and browns documents
like he talks about it all the time
>> titanite
>> exactly
>> so and then what was the other I can't
never pronounce it
>> malibdinum
>> malibdinum and and you looked into that
and that's for like creating alloys.
>> Yeah I think it's a a strengthening
alloy. It's been a long time since I
looked into it but I think that's what
it was. It was like a strengthening
alloy.
>> Any other chemicals? It might have even
had a shielding. Um,
>> not not gravitational shielding, but
like radiation shielding or some kind. I
think maybe similar to lead, but I'm not
a physicist, so don't quote me.
>> But it's super interesting if it's used
on like current space vehicles. Like
people should go out and look that up
because if it is, you know, that might
be an interesting lead.
>> Do some patent searches.
>> Yeah.
>> Any other chemicals?
believed them barium
strontium
>> strontium
>> yeah strontium
>> and strontium is also mentioned in brown
stuff I believe or
>> I can't remember any others
>> okay and but isn't strontium I believe
is one of Gary Nolan's pieces that he
has at the you know Stanford lab that he
thinks might be UFO metamaterials that
come from crashes I believe has
strontium in it
>> yeah it's a good dialectric um I forget
it's K constant But I know it's high.
>> So it's also a highk dialectric.
>> Yeah.
>> This is crazy. So you have a list of
non-terrestrial officers.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So
>> and then what does the fleettofleet
thing mean?
>> This was fleetto fleet transfers cuz it
was a it was one spreadsheet but it had
tabs.
>> So there was the officers names.
>> Mhm.
>> There was ship names and there was
material a material transfer. Do you
remember the ship names?
>> No.
>> Okay. But what Okay. What when you're
looking at this, what is your instinct
as to like cuz there are all sorts of
wild interpretations people have, you
know, people make up the secret space
program, Solar Warden stuff. What was
your in the moment? What are you
thinking when you see this?
>> Well, that's exactly where I was.
Imagine you were me, UFO guy, you know,
quite an active interest. Um, and then
finding this. And so obviously that's
where my first thoughts go. So I'm
thinking non-aterrestrial officers.
That's the baseline for the whole
document. So they're not on Earth. But I
was thinking, well, they could be
they're probably it's probably people.
They're not non-aterrestrial cuz they're
not human. They're nateral cuz it's
non-ear based. So it's out in space. So
space force was my first thought. It's
got to be a space force. Uh, obviously
secret.
Um, and then with the chemicals and
stuff and the ship names then and
fleetto fleet transfers. There was more
than one ship
and then exotic materials.
And so, you know, it's kind of 2 plus 2
equals four.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, obviously it's to do with my
mindset. That's what I was looking for.
So, that's how I interpreted.
>> Well, you know what I would do if I was
office of naval intelligence and I hated
Gary McKinnon. You know what I would do?
I'd make up some BS secret space
program, call it Solar Warden, send
people down the wrong trail when
actually I do have real, you know, deep
space fleets and transfers of these. So,
but the
>> and solar warden did come after me. So,
the
>> Yeah, it did. So, so but but like I'm
still trying to get to the So, the trans
what do you think the fleetto fleet
transfer of what of people? I think
materials material first you had the
people then you had the ships then you
had the um
>> chemicals
>> okay
>> metal elements
>> okay and do we think that
the material is being transferred
between human do we don't think that the
material is being transferred between
extraterrestrials and humans do we or do
we think the material is being
transferred between humans
>> I think yeah ship to ship so I guess
maybe this was kind of like a logistics
train
>> like a supply chain in space or
something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just a basic cuz you the
army is all about the Navy or whoever is
all about logistics,
>> right? And a lot of these materials if
they are layered extremely thinly and
you have kind of atomic layer deposition
style stuff, we know that manufacturing
in space and in zerog environments
allows you. So a lot of these materials
they go, it looks like it was built in
zerog. Like this is so crazy.
>> No faults, no. So maybe they built it in
confl.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That that's the cam's razor
explanation, isn't it? That's the
simplest.
>> Okay. So there's like a space supply
chain where humans are manufacturing
these exotic materials in space that you
literally couldn't uh make.
>> Not physically impossible on Earth.
>> On Earth. Yes.
>> That's fascinating. I don't think has
anybody ever explicitly tied together
your thing like this like we're doing
now or
>> No, this is fresh and unique.
>> I love this. This is fascinating because
if I mean that makes sense. That makes
sense. Like the other stuff doesn't make
sense. I mean sending people 20 and back
into through the sun into a portal or
the maybe that's possible. I don't know.
>> Super soldiers on Mars. No.
>> Yeah. Super soldiers on Mars. I just we
need more evidence if I'm all
entertained, you know, whatever. But you
need evidence, you know, you can't you
can't just uh
>> Yeah, I'm open to all stories.
>> Yeah, but this is fascinating. Okay, so
you it's like a space supply chain
logist. It's like a space factory
essentially
>> where they're creating these meta
materials that you can't make on Earth
and you need deep space to create them.
>> Yeah.
>> And then so the non-aterrestrial
officers would just be humans overseeing
>> Yeah. this supply chain, this space
supply chain.
>> This is really good because I never even
saw it in that way before.
>> Ah, this is fascinating. And what's
ironic is they're probably making space
travel that much easier by creating
these high dialectrics.
>> Yeah.
>> Which involve greater thrust in the
Bfield Brown effect.
>> Yeah.
>> So they're like making like, you know,
their own program more powerful.
>> Yes. With fit.
>> This is fascinating.
>> Wow.
>> Wow. All right.
>> I like that. I like discovery as we go.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, who knows? But like
that makes
>> Yeah, it's all speculation.
>> It is speculation, but it
>> the idea that we have people in deep
space or we have like literal alien like
men in black style like aliens walking
among us and then we put like navy suits
on them, commander suits on them. They
were like, "You're a non-terrestrial
officer or whatever." That makes less
sense. Both of those make less sense.
>> Just don't look at his huge almond
shaped eyes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He'll crawl out
of his skin suit occasionally, but like,
you know, it's like that we're stuck
between those two options like that or,
you know, it's like aliens in like, you
know, military garb or uh, you know, uh,
uh, you know, literally humans that
we've spent that we've sent into like
super deep space or whatever.
>> I've never believed any of the stories
of um, alien contact with governments
and stuff like that. I think it's just
outlandish.
>> Yeah. No, I think a lot of that stuff is
pretty ridiculous. It feels like passage
material that like is meant to send
people down the wrong trail or
something. Yeah. At least it doesn't
feel like there's a ton of good
evidence. I do think there are a lot of
weird abduction cases where people
experience things,
>> you know, and and you know, have you
ever had anything like that or
>> I had one very strange experience that I
can't explain to this day. Um it was
back in 2006.
>> Mhm.
Uh my girlfriend and I are in what we
call a bedsit in the UK tiny flat on the
first floor, not the ground floor. And
uh we'd gone to bed. We gone to sleep.
And I was suddenly woken up by a really
sharp pain in my left heel.
>> And it felt like 2 or 3:00 a.m. Felt
like I've been I was in deep sleep. It
had been a few hours. Like what the
hell's that? I kind of leaned forward to
check it out. Like something had bitten
me. Then immediately I just went
and was asleep again. In the morning I
woke up and weirdly I don't know why I'd
gone to bed with my socks on or at least
one sock on. And then I remembered what
had happened during the night and I
pulled the sock off and in my left heel
there were two perfectly circular holes,
both about five millimeters in diameter
and one still had a flap of skin hanging
off it. Like a hole punch used for paper
but about these this far apart.
What? I know. And I thought, what the
hell on the first floor? It was I was
trying to think of every possible
conventional explanation. Was it a rat
with perfectly symmetrical 5 mm teeth
had come to my bed and bit me in the
lab, but I'm on the first floor, you
know, not the ground floor where like
rodents could be. Um,
no explanation whatsoever.
Um, I can't say much more than that cuz
but I did um later as I got more into
electronics and electromagnetics, I did
like scans and stuff and
>> they didn't come up.
>> Couldn't find anything wrong. But a few
years later, I found out cuz this some
this is something I'm always researching
and looking for an answer cuz I still
haven't got one. There's a company, I
don't know if it was Veraign, there was
some chipping like electronic chipping
company and their process was exactly
like that. A double Yeah, a double
injection.
>> Um, and then years later, I've got two
bumps that formed where those holes were
and then moved around. And I still have
those bumps.
>> What?
>> On my hill today.
>> Do you think a human did that? Do you
think an alien did it?
>> I'm thinking some kind of government
tracking.
>> Government tracking,
>> which I I feel ridiculous saying it.
>> Well, do you feel ridiculous saying
because you had a a 20-year, you know,
prime ministers were negotiating with
American presidents on your behalf uh
because the American government had it
out for you. So, I don't think, you
know, I think for a normal person being
like, you know, they wanted to chip me
or whatever, like that might be a little
paranoid, but
>> I think in your case, I'm not so sure,
man.
>> Yeah. But even so, I wasn't running
away. You know, I was on bail.
Everything was safe. I was contained, as
they would put it. Uh, but yeah, I just
can't explain that. It's just weird as
hell.
>> Interesting. And do you still have that
in your foot?
>> Still have the bumps.
>> Can I see him?
>> Yeah.
I hope no one's got any foot fetishes or
or the opposite.
>> Maybe you can start an Only Fans after
this.
>> All right, Strippy's turn.
>> I bet you've not done this before. Sorry
for everything.
>> This is wild.
>> Are we ready?
>> Yeah.
>> So, this company, Veraritoss,
>> No, I think it was Veryign or something.
>> Veryign.
>> I might have It definitely began with a
V, but I can't remember. And they do
these little chip implants.
>> Yeah. So when I woke up with the holes,
they were kind of round here in the
corner, but now they've they've moved
slightly. So one's there. It's a lesser
>> WA.
>> And the other one's there.
>> Well, the other one's big.
>> Yeah.
>> Like that's like very easy to spot.
>> Yeah. Unless the other one.
>> Okay.
>> I think that's shrunk over time,
actually.
>> Yeah. It feels smaller.
>> Yeah.
>> Wa.
Weird. The company Gary is talking about
here isn't called VeraSign. It's called
Vera Chip. And yes, it's done work in
human microchipping. In fact, the
company has produced a tiny RFID
microchip about the size of a grain of
rice that implants under the skin,
transmits a unique ID when scanned, and
links to a database with personal or
medical information. This chip is
essentially a permanent tracking and
identification tool.
>> To think something so small can connect
you to everything that matters
>> when your life and all you love are on
the line.
>> The chip was introduced to the market in
2002, just a few years before Gary's
experience in 2005. And according to
Gary, the company's double injection
method would cause something that looks
exactly like the two bumps on his foot.
I'll let you decide if that's a
coincidence or not. If you look a little
deeper, Verip's corporate lineage runs
through Applied Digital Solutions and
Prospectus filings show that the
implantable microchips themselves were
ultimately sourced from a subsidiary of
Rathon.
>> What we do saves lives. It protects
peace and democracy throughout the
world.
>> Yes, that Rathon, one of the largest
defense contractors in the world, deeply
embedded in military systems, missile
guidance, radar, and classified
electronics. By the end of the 2000s,
VerichIP themselves had secured the
rights to technology that would allow
the chips to detect viruses from inside
the body, including strains like H1N1.
The proposal described an implant that
could determine whether a virus was
present, what kind it was, and how
serious the threat might be. At that
point, the device would no longer just
be identifying a person. It would be
monitoring their unique physiology and
biomedical data. Completely dystopian to
say the least. And even more dystopian,
knowing that this tracking technology
was likely used in retaliation on an
ordinary citizen like Gary McKinnon. So
if that were surgically removed, what do
you think you would find? I don't know.
Uh maybe two lumps of uh unanalyzable
material. I don't know. I think I didn't
have so much good equipment back then,
but now I have really good stuff for
electromagnetic analysis, radio
frequency analysis, and I'd rather do
that first before having it removed.
>> You should do all that.
>> Yeah.
>> Should do it like tomorrow.
>> Okay. I'll ask my local doctor.
>> I'm just saying. I'm just saying. You
know, you don't want uh the names to go
missing like in the, you know,
non-aterrestrial officers. Like you want
it you like do it now, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Figure it out. Oh.
>> Uh, so I joke we're we're in between
your implant experience and then this
possible space supply chain for
anti-gravity materials and I don't know
where to go. My head's exploding. Um,
but uh
>> yeah, I mean is there anything just
going back to the materials thing and
the the fleetto fleet transfer?
It's just so fascinating. And it's
fascinating that you're into towns and
brown too.
>> Oh man. It's like you have this like
hermetic connection to this whole
subject like you were meant to like see
that or something like like what
anything else as far as takeaways from
that document, you know, and
interpreting it because it was it James
Fox came out with the program and he he
you know uh did this great piece on you.
But I think a lot of people do take what
you found and run with it um as far as
just the people out there like their
interpretations of it when they see you
know uh people discuss it.
>> Yeah. So you're this is your
interpretation that it's some sort of
supply chain in space or something or
>> Well, we we stumbled on that together
>> together, I guess.
>> So yeah, I I really connected it in that
way that it was a supply chain. It just
came to my mind while we were speaking
and in light of what we both know now,
it does make sense in terms of potential
propulsion, the materials that might be
necessary for that as a dialectric or
so. It's pretty amazing.
>> No, it it makes total sense. There was a
company called Maiden Space that tried
to do this for a while. There's now a
probably more promising company called
Vartispace which does this. It's like
factories in space. At the end of the
day, you can think of the value
proposition as this is we can do special
chemistry because we can essentially
turn off gravity for the manufacturing
engineer. And then often commercial
companies are doing things that have
already been done in classified
settings. And so the stuff that was done
in classified settings might have been
this. You know, who knows? I mean right
now I think we it's like we have that
are known like six people in space like
six astronauts like on you know the ISS
and on various space day I think the you
know Chinese space station they have an
astronaut or two. So, the idea that how
many uh officers were on this list?
>> At least 40ish.
>> 40-ish. So, maybe they're in space or
maybe they were also and maybe they were
in orbit or maybe they were just
managing this non-terrestrial,
you know, uh kind of atomic layer
deposition process or, you know,
materials manufacturing or something.
>> Yeah. I've always thought there weren't
aliens. I thought this is bound to be
because it says non-aterrestrial
obviously, not extraterrestrial. So in
other words, they're on a a fleet that
isn't based in spa in on Earth.
>> When we talk about a speculative secret
space program, we should establish
something clearly. There really was an
uncontested, very real, and now
declassified secret space program. The
US Air Force ran its own classified
manned space effort alongside NASA's
more public-f facing ones.
In the 1960s, while the world watched
Saturn 5 rockets rise under the banner
of Apollo, the Air Force was developing
the manned orbiting laboratory, a
military space station designed for
reconnaissance of America's enemies and
other orbital operations. 17 military
astronauts were selected. A modified
Gemini capsule was built. Titan 3
rockets were assigned. Launches into
polar orbit were planned from
Vandenberg. And then in June of 1969,
exactly 1 month before the Apollo
mission reached the moon for the first
time, the man orbiting laboratory was
cancelled.
Advances in automated spy satellites
made human observers redundant. Vietnam
was draining resources. The Apollo
program was imminent. So the classified
space program was folded. But in defense
culture, cancellation does not
necessarily mean disappearance. Programs
are restructured. Personnel are
reassigned. Infrastructure is absorbed
into deeper compartments. So what
happened to the military astronaut
program? Where did the classified
orbital expertise go? And what was
really going on with the classified
space program?
In 1993, former Loheed Skunkworks
director Ben Rich was speaking at a UCLA
alumni event. Rich had overseen programs
like the U2, the SR71, and the F-17,
stealth aircraft that had lived in total
secrecy before becoming public
knowledge. At the end of his
presentation, according to multiple
attendees, Rich's final slide showed a
black discshaped craft flying into
space. He closed with the famous words,
"We now have the technology to take ET
home."
Was he just messing with the audience?
Rich would end up dying just 2 years
later, but towards the end of his life,
he would privately say things that
sounded very similar to this UCLA
speech. Things about prodigious American
space capabilities the public could
barely dream of. Just before Ben Rich
passed away, uh when I was talking to
him, he told me, this is at the end of a
45minute uh conversation, he said, "Jim,
we have things out in the desert." And
he wasn't referring to Area 51. We have
things out in the desert that is 50
years beyond what you can comprehend.
I can comprehend a hell of a lot. and he
said, "If you've seen movies like Star
Trek or Star Wars, we've been there,
done that, but decided it wasn't worth
the effort."
>> Ben Rich's son, Michael Rich, was the
president and CEO of Rand Corporation
for decades. Rand was the Santa Monica
based federally funded research and
development center evaluating the
prospects of project Orion, nuclear
pulse propulsion craft that could
theoretically carry very large crews,
reach Mars or outer planets and enable
long duration missions. Not
coincidentally, Rand has also conducted
comprehensive research on the
non-engineering side of deep space
travel, crew psychology and isolation,
life support logistics, radiation
hazards, resupply challenges, cost and
national priorities. Rand Corporation
also happened to be intensely interested
in the gravity manipulating deep space
propulsion work of towns in Brown. his
work going dark after he showed them a
demo in 1967.
President Ronald Reagan may have also
inadvertently left a hint around secret
American space capabilities in his diary
entry from June 11th, 1985.
Lunch was with five top space
scientists. It was fascinating. Space
truly is the last frontier and some of
the developments there in astronomy etc.
are like science fiction except they are
real. I learned that our shuttle
capacity is such we could orbit 300
people. You read that right. Not one
shuttle crew, not a single mission, 300
people in Earth's orbit in space. If you
ask your favorite AI conversation agent,
it'll tell you that we only have 10 or
so people in space today, but we somehow
had the capacity for 300 in the 80s. In
2020, Him Eched, former head of Israel's
defense ministry's space directorate,
essentially the father of the Israeli
space program, publicly claimed that
American astronauts and alien
representatives were operating on
underground bases on Mars. These bizarre
hints have stacked up over the decades,
and maybe they are mirrored in one of
the most famous fictional versions of a
secret space force, Stargate. With
visible cooperation from the US Air
Force, the production of the show
Stargate leaned on realworld military
structures and culture. In fact, two
sitting Air Force Chiefs of Staff,
Michael E. Ryan and John P. Jumper
appeared on the show as themselves.
These guys literally ran the Air Force
and were showing up for cameos on this
show. The lead actor on the show,
Richard Dean Anderson, was later made an
honorary brigadier general in
recognition of what the Air Force
described as the program's positive
portrayal of the service. The show's
central premise, a classified off-world
program run by the Air Force from a
hidden command facility. show up.
>> Of course, the military connection might
have just been due to some fans among
the Air Force staff. Or maybe it was
just another tiny hint towards something
really big going on in secret. Strange
stories of a parallel space program are
apocryphal, but they are more abundant
than you might think, like this stunning
revelation shared with Ross Koulthart on
Chris Ramsay's Area 52. There was a
conversation I had with someone
who I trust
who got very emotional and described a
friend of his dying on the moon.
Wow. And I What do you make of that? I
didn't know what to make of it. It's
important to remember that the public
didn't even know the NRO or National
Reconnaissance Office existed for
decades. The parallel classified Air
Force Astronaut program wasn't fully
declassified until 2015. So, is it so
crazy to think we might have
experimented with covert human space
flight and exotic material supply chains
since then? The benefits of building
materials in space cannot be
understated. Matter in space, because of
its lower gravity environment, behaves
in ways that are basically impossible on
Earth. Without gravity, there's no
convection, no settling, no buoyancy,
tearing materials apart as they form.
Liquids stay perfectly mixed. Crystals
grow with extraordinary purity. Optical
fibers can be drawn with almost no
internal flaws, potentially
outperforming anything made on the
ground. So it's also not that crazy to
assume that we've experimented with this
technology for extremely high value meta
materials used at the highest levels of
aerospace. Now where would such a
program be headquartered? NASA's Johnson
Space Center in Houston is not only
where McKinnon found UFO related images
and spreadsheets. It's the NASA complex
that specifically focuses on human space
flight. The notorious line, "Houston, we
have a problem," refers to mission
control at Johnson Space Center in
Houston. So, if you were operating a man
spaceflight operation involving a
material supply chain, that's exactly
where you'd put it. I should be clear,
too, like both of us aren't trying to f
fully pour cold water on UFO crashes.
Like, I think
>> No, not at all.
>> I think like I think Roswell happened. I
think that Virginia happened in 1996. So
it's always yes and in the UFO world
like it's all like all the but I think
intentional conflations also are
systematically done by the intelligence
world and it's important to be able to
parse through all these things.
>> Yeah. And of course it's it's human
nature to super associate stuff with
something you want to be true so we can
all fall down that hole as well.
>> Yeah. No, of course. Um well I'm I'm
officially uh shocked. This is crazy. I
mean, the Navy does do like the most
exotic materials stuff as well. Like
there's this place Naval Surface Warfare
Crane that does this. Bell Battel
Memorial Institute does a lot of exotic
material stuff uh as well.
And so, yeah, I really I do wonder if
you know, yeah, some of this is
humanmade and then if you say it's of
alien provenence, then it's this like
perfect, you know, kind of black box
where like people can interpret it
however they want. And
>> yeah, it's a great shield, isn't it?
Good umbrella.
>> It is. And then the fact that and what's
wild
is that like you're now experimenting
with materials like you literally have
materials in mind that make the Bfield
Brown effect. Like you're interested in
these anti-gravity experiments that
involve some of these chemicals that and
materials that you saw.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is wild.
>> Yeah. Well, the um Yeah. It's um yeah
since 2007 since I first read about by
Phil Brown. Uh
>> how'd you read about it? How'd you come
across it?
>> I don't remember precisely, but it was
>> because that's early.
>> Yeah, it was undoubtedly researching UFO
stuff, anti-gravity stuff specifically
what brought me to that.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
but yeah, what attracted me was the fact
that you can you can do this in your,
you know, home garage or shed or
whatever. You know, you don't have to be
a scientist. You have to be a scientist
to understand the mechanism which no one
has yet does,
>> but you don't have to be a scientist to
do it on the bench and try some
experiments cuz all it a capacitor
>> two conductive plates in between them
sandwiched uh
>> an insulator a dialectric that stores
electric charge. So you know what what's
complicated about that? Um and if you
read all the
the so-called research into the BB
effect, none of it is exhaustive. None
of it. It's all I did 5 kilovolts at DC.
I did 10 kolts of AC. Obviously, Buler
went very far. There are a few people
that went far. Army Research Laboratory,
but no one's done a huge battery of
tests with a multitude of dialectrics, a
multitude of uh different plates, the
mass of the plates, not just the
material. Uh is it AC? Is it DC? Do you
use a sine wave? Do you use a a ramp
wave or a triangle wave or a sawtooth
wave or um how long's your pulse? What's
your delay? is that there's so many well
there's quite a few parameters compared
to a lot of stuff but for a home
experimentter
it it's doable within a few hundred
hours I think and I I've probably done
about 60 hours all told I've done
thousands of hours of reading but
probably 60 hours experimentation
>> w wild so you've done 60 hours of
running the actual experiment
>> oh no no like like
research into materials trying yeah I
did try I mean I started off with
lifters you know try and get a baker and
that was Yeah. It's interesting.
>> But it's Bolster wood and Baker foil.
>> And there was there used to be a website
called Blaze Lamps.
>> Mhm. And um they had some really
wellinformed guys there exerospace that
knew all the like um aerodynamic mass
and stuff and they said just like army
research laboratory they said there's no
way that this battered you know metal
foil sheet which isn't even perfectly
smooth like an airplane wing there's no
way that aerodynamically that can be
pushed just by ion flow
>> just no way uh arl said it was like at
least 10 20% above what could be
achieved by ion flow
>> which is exly exactly what Brown said.
And so for the audience, Towns and Brown
is this mid-century very mysterious
uh inventor who started with the Navy,
then joined Martin Vega, which was, you
know, pre-locked Martin merger uh you
know, the year that Skunk Works formed
and then kind of popped up in all sorts
of, you know, three-letter agency
contexts and was, you know,
shoulder-to-shoulder with elite American
military brass people like Curtis Lame.
you know, just this very mysterious
figure who consistently claimed that he
would get these positive results in
these anti-gravity experiments or what
he called electrogravidics. There's even
a video of him popping champagne from
the Bonsson lab at the Institute of
Field Physics in North Carolina, which
we know is the CIA outpost studying
anti-gravity and literally convening all
the best uh theoretical physicists on
the question of gravity in 1957. And it
was all sponsored by Wright Airfield,
which is where all the UFO rumors come
from. They were literally paying for
this, you know, for a lot of this
research.
>> Connections.
>> Yeah. Weird connections. Um, and so if
you take what he claimed about his own
his own experiments at face value, you'd
have this crazy update against, you
know, SpaceX and like chemical
combustion. It would be this like total
paradigm shifting thing. It's not It's
not a small deal. It's a really big
deal.
>> Yeah. And the thing about Brown is we
almost know we know for a fact that he
was one of the number one radar guys in
the Navy. There's an FBI file from 1942
or three that basically says he knows
more about radar than anybody in the
Navy.
>> And that that's number one. Number two,
electro-hydrodnamics which is not
electrogravitics. It's the manipulation
of air flow with electric fields, which
is how that the tin foil, you know,
balsa wood, you know, DIY uh uh uh
foilers work and fly. Uh but it's also
what made it into the B2 stealth bomber.
And I'm pretty sure I I kind of have the
receipts on that, too. So, like that's
So, you have these two things where he's
like the best like EHD, you know,
electrohydrodnamics and radar. And then
he's claiming that he can also merge
electromagnetism and gravity, which is
the holy grail of physics theory.
>> And so it's like, okay, so like he's
right on two out of the three things,
but he's a total quack on the third
thing, and there's so much smoke around
it. And then now you have the lead
electrostatic scientist at NASA who
could is the global authority on being
able to tell you that this experiment is
only attributable to conventional
electrostatics. And he's saying that no
this is it works. It works in a vacuum.
So you can't do it with ionized air.
Physics in its in its current form
cannot explain this. and his own
experiments, Charles Beller, who you
mentioned.
>> Yeah.
>> Are derivative of Towns and Brown's
work.
>> Yeah.
>> And so like I think there is so much
smoke. There's the Japanese experiment
that you mentioned, the Musha paper,
>> Musha Tequa,
>> and maybe I got his name wrong.
>> Uh they said that they get, you know, a
successful result. In that case, I think
they submerge uh the whole thing in in
transmission oil, which also you can't
ionize transmission oil. Like, you know,
that's not going to work. Um, so, uh,
yeah. Is are they coordinating with
these people in the US for like, you
know, are they like some deep state
thing in Japan? Like, I don't think so.
You know, it's like this global thing.
So,
>> yeah, this is wild. So, I when I we were
setting this up and uh, you know, I was
talking to you on the phone and you were
like, "Yeah, I'm super into Towns and
Brown." I was like, "What? This is going
to be the best interview ever."
>> Well, yeah. I mentioned I really enjoyed
your I call it your Bfield Brown
special. I don't know if that's what you
>> I'll take it. Yeah. It was called the
bound by Phil Brown special. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Well, thank you. Well, well, kudos
to you for being into Towns and Brown in
2007 because uh The Man Who Mastered
Gravity by Paul Shatskin was this great
biography that only came out in like I
think around the pandemic and he c he
had this other version of it that wasn't
really edited super neatly or concisely.
I think that might have come out in like
2009 or something and he kind of stepped
away from the project. But 2007, like
you're talking about Towns and Brown
being on the dark corners of the web,
like the like you got to like, you know,
get
>> That's where I used to live.
>> It sounds sounds like it. Yeah, man. Um,
>> and was it Paul Leviolet who first
introduced the idea of the B2 using
that?
>> Yeah. So, here's where I think Paul
Leviolet got wrong cuz he wrote this
great history of anti-gravity and he he
talks about microwave beam propulsion
alongside Towns and Brown's Bifield
Brown effect and you know he's a really
brilliant guy. He had his own theory
called uh uh subquantum kinetics.
>> Oh yeah. His whole Yeah.
>> which was fascinating. Uh and he seems
like just a brilliant brilliant I would
have loved to have interviewed him. He
died a few years ago sadly.
>> He's dead.
>> Yeah. It sucks. Yeah.
>> No way. I I was in email contact with
him, I thought up until two years ago,
but obviously got that wrong. And we
were going to have a I was going to
start a podcast.
>> Oh.
>> And he was going to be my first
interviewee.
>> Oh, dude. That would have been the best
thing.
>> He said he had hip problems. He was
undergoing a hip surgery or something.
So he Oh, man. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, it's a real bummer. And
uh but I think where he
>> and it's an amazing book and everybody
should read it. But I do think he he
says that the B2 had like an
anti-gravity drive and I I don't think
that's correct. I think
>> I thought he just said the leading edge
it was like a capacitor but so the
leading edge was one plate and the
trailing edge was another plate and
>> Yeah. So So and I think he I think he's
right about that but I think that just
manipulates the air flow like that just
makes the air flow
>> Yeah. It's like
>> reduce the you know lift to drag ratio.
>> Yeah. It wasn't a full
>> or increase the lift to drag ratio.
Sorry. Yeah, it made it slightly faster,
but
>> yeah, it makes it more aerodynamic and
faster. I mean, may maybe there's some
real electrogic thing happening,
>> but there's no there'd be no way to like
fully say because it's happening not in
a vacuum. So, like maybe there is
something, you know, actually happening
there that is, you know,
>> it's top secret
>> and it's super Yeah, it's top secret.
But I also don't know why they would
necessarily declassify the B2 if it was
using electrogravitics per se. I will
say there is a guy named William Gunston
who is the preeminent aerospace
journalist in the UK um or was uh and
you know was part of like the Royal Air
Society and has all these awards and
stuff and for um I think it was like Air
International magazine. He did like a
history of, you know, aerero engine tech
since World War II. And then he gets to
towns and brown and he goes with Towns
and Brown like, you know, I will refrain
from talking about, you know, leading
edges charged to millions of volts
positive followed by trailing edges
charged to millions of volts negative
because I don't want to end up in the
Tower of London. And then he says that
and then he caveats it a little bit
more. So like I don't know if that
caveing is genuine, you know,
unsuredness of of what he's saying. in
the Tower of London, which for the
audience was a place of torture.
>> Was a place of torture.
>> Does he mean professionally or like as a
whole like giving away secret
>> or if he's literally saying these are
state secrets and and then I don't know
if the caveats are like I don't want,
you know, I I really don't want to be
implicated for having said this, so I'm
going to sprinkle in some doubt or
whatever. I don't know.
>> But it's interesting.
>> Yeah, I think so.
But um so so you you you are do you want
to pull off one of these experiments or
>> Oh hell yeah. Um I'm planning it by
April the latest. I've been um
distracted for a while and had to do
other things. I'm only doing these
experiments in a 10x 10t shed and um
they're not expensive but they consume a
lot of time.
>> Yeah. And I have I'm basically
doing industrial processes in a in a
garden shed.
>> So it's it's a bit I've got but I the
first thing I bought cuz you have to
heat this stuff to 1,000° the calcium
copper title uh to a,000° and then conf
I had to buy a 10 ton hydraulic press.
Uh I bought a gas furnace and then
because of the geometry and stuff that
that wasn't unusual. So then I bought an
electric furnace which is much smaller
and you know I could easy to manipulate
this tiny disc. So
>> it's only 40 mm across. I'm starting off
very small. Um so I've got to make that
into what they call a green body. Make
that solid. I bought really high quality
silver paste as the plates. Uh but then
after that you have to think of when
you've got these two placed at 30 ks or
more you get arcing currents you get
sparks basically
um so I have to find a way to stop that
and my first thought is to have very
small discs on top of the 40 mm diameter
calcium coveritate CCTO.
Um but there's other ways to do it as
well. So, I've got to I've got to figure
out a path and then complete it cuz I
really want to see it float. I want to
stand there in my shed,
turn the on switch on, and see this
thing arise.
>> That would be amazing. If you made
something levitate,
>> you would kind of the haters would have
nothing to say.
>> Yeah.
>> What do you say? You say it's ionized.
>> It's not real these days. It could be
AI.
>> Yeah, sure. That's a good point. Would
you do this in a vacuum chamber?
>> Uh, yeah, eventually. I do have one
vacuum chamber that's but that's for my
resin and it only goes down to like - 99
MPa or something. Um but I mean
Gravitech has done it in a vacuum
chamber. They used to contract for NAZA
Jewish Gravitech. Gravitech is under a
different name now but they they've got
I can send you the videos. What's his
name? Uh not Henry Henrik something.
I've had a few emails with him as well.
M um yeah, they've done it in a vacuum,
a proper vacuum, like you know, minus
hundreds of tall.
>> Um
>> shout out to Gravitech. I want I want to
check them out. I've never heard of
them.
>> He's got a different company now, but
I've got his email. I'll send you him,
man. He'd be he'd be glad to.
>> I'd love to.
>> And he now does stuff for satellites, I
think. Like private satellites.
>> Whoa.
>> Not using this,
>> actually. I don't even know enough to
comment, but yeah, he's he's done it in
a vacuum.
>> Interesting. And it is less.
>> Why wouldn't he pursue it like you know
more substantively after that? Sounds
like he just went straight to satellite.
>> I think yeah I think he want to be
commercial, make money, do well for
himself. Um and probably maybe that's as
far as he wants it to go but it works in
a vacuum.
>> But also you have like Jean Louie Nan
the French um kind of YouTube scientist
I want to call him. I don't know his
credentials for real.
>> He's done it in vacuum tubes. Um he he's
isolated the electrode tubes. So
>> but I don't know what the pressure was.
>> So
>> this is I mean yeah so you're right.
There is this whole global community of
DIY independent creators, aerospace
professionals who in their private life
just want to pursue this or UFO nuts or
whatever outside of you know whatever
they're doing.
>> And uh most of them say that there's a
there there. There are very few people
that say there aren't a there there. the
ones that do I believe there's um you
know an air for a the guy his last name
is tally and he's an air force guy and I
think he consistently uses this very low
voltage and tries to explain it away and
I even I spoke to this one Navy
scientist and he was like tally's just a
bad actor like he's like brought on the
scene like he's he's like this guy in
UFO world named Sean Kirkpatrick who's
the former a director who's like brought
on to like
>> you know dismiss Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
>> well, you know, um, uh, Tim Ventura or
Propulsion.
>> Yeah, I do. Yeah, he's a good guy. Yeah.
>> Yeah. He had that guy on that did, um,
had similar effects with very low
voltage, like 5 kV, 5 kilovolts.
>> I think it was Ber. No. Or because
Beller thinks it's the Yeah. So, this is
the the NASA electrostatic
>> cuz there was a previous Ber in my old
documentation for like pre-2000s. Whoa.
>> Unless that was his dad or maybe it was
cuz he was he like mid-50s now. Maybe it
was him.
What? Well, in in your old
documentation.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I've got documents with
Buler and I didn't think it was him, but
maybe it is. Well, we'll have to We
didn't do that doc swap. We said we do a
doc swap. We've got
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, Yeah. I'd love to.
>> Um, yeah. Do Do you have like a lot of
compiled information about this sort of
stuff? Oh, sweet.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> Zip file. Uh and in terms of free
energy, there's one thing um I found,
not I found, but I found the guy that
discovered it. Um
so Lens's law
>> stops the motor rotating because of you
know the uh counter electromagnetic
force.
>> If you look at the formula for that,
um the the strong element of that is the
inductance of the coil.
And this guy found that if you increase
the induct, his name is Thane Hines. If
you increase the inductance of the coil,
then the rise time of the opposing
magnetic field that slows the turning of
the motor down when you're applying
power to a load is delayed, just like
delaying timing in a car engine. And he
found that not only could he delay
enough to
stop the count the C c CMF counter
electromotive force dragging creating
electromagnetic drag when it's past a
certain point phase angle it assisted
the rotation. Yeah. Yeah. So your
standard electric generator is a disc
with magnets and underneath are coils
and he found that when um so the magnet
is spinning around it gets to what they
call TDC top dead center above the coil
with his method because it delays the
opposing cuz when the magnet so let's
say it's a north pole facing down and it
cuts into the coil that creates a south
pole in the coil that opposes the
incoming movement of the magnet.
And then when the magnets moving out of
the coil, it creates a north pole uh
north pole which accelerates it out. And
he found that when you do this stupidly
simple but incredibly effective time
delay,
um the CMF rises in such a way it's late
on the income,
so the magnet gets pulled in and it's
early on the outgoing so the magnet gets
pushed out. So accelerates the incoming
and the outgoing. And he took it to such
an extent that eventually
there's no opposition at all and you
could actually reverse. You're not
reversing Lens's law cuz that's an
inaccurate physics statement, but you're
reversing the effect
>> in effect.
>> Yeah. And I did a small experiment. I'll
send you the video. I did the most
simple magnetic emoji you can. I um a
cylinder shaped magnet which is
diametrically magnetized. So it's not
north on top, south on the bottom. Each
curved half is a north and south poles.
I have that on a vertical shaft
rotating.
And I show it with a normal generator
coil which when you attach it to a load,
the power input needed increases to
support the load
and um the rotation slows down. Well,
when I put his coil on, which has higher
inductance, when you tell that coil to
power a load, the rotation speed
increases and the input current goes
down. The complete opposite of motor
theory, motor generator theory.
>> Whoa. That's the one and only thing I've
seen and been able to replicate that
works in terms of free energy. And this
guy is now he's got contracts with
Seammens Phillips with him. He's talking
to China. It's about to blow up.
>> Whoa. And I've been following him since
about 20072 on overunity.com. The first
forum I saw him on.
>> Fast. What's his name?
>> Fane Hines.
>> Where is he based?
>> He's Canadian physicist.
>> M.
>> Yeah,
>> dude. You are deep down the rabbit hole
of alternative propulsion and energy.
>> You've got to interview this guy.
>> I would love to.
>> He He's like your general kind of crazy
mad genius. He's um
>> not so good at social interaction.
>> Yeah.
>> But he he's got it, man. It's typical of
somebody who makes like real
breakthroughs like that. Yeah. You know,
for them to be not always like the most
>> I think he's got a lot on his mind.
>> I think he's got a lot on his mind as
well.
>> It's fascinating. What do you think this
chip in your foot like? Does it Does it
ever like burn or buzz or
>> No.
>> It sometimes glows?
So there's nothing you basically you've
gotten no incremental information on it
outside of
>> just a couple of lumps that have moved
over time towards the inside of the arch
of the foot.
>> Strange.
>> Yeah.
>> Have you ever uh had a sort of like any
sort of men in black experience or
experience with, you know, strange men
in suits showing up at your place or?
>> No, but my lawyer had her office and her
car robbed.
>> Really? which is obviously not Men in
Black has more earthly powers.
>> Um, no, nothing Men in Black.
>> Did uh did Okay, so when when you hacked
in to all of these sensitive American
military sites, how did you get caught
and what happened next?
>> Oh man. Yeah, I got uh got lazy, got
egotistical
um and thought I can go anywhere I like
and look at anything and uh I started
making direct connections instead of
jumping through various IP addresses. So
I was making direct connections to you
know the target and I was using like
free AOL signup CDs.
So I wasn't being at all you like a
professional hacker. I was just yeah I
thought I could just do it. I thought,
"Ah, these guys don't even know don't
even have passwords. They won't even
know I've been here." Uh, but yeah,
eventually um
obviously when that guy right clicked
the LAN icon and disconnected me, that
was NAZA.
And they reported to BT, British
Telecom, which is my internet service
provider at the time, and said, "Who's
this IP at this time?" And they said,
"Oh, it's uh in fact, they didn't have
my name at first. I don't know if my
internet account was in my girlfriend's
name or if we were using her aunt's
internet or something, but the horrible
thing was when they came with the
National High Crime, they came to arrest
me. The warrant was for the whole house
>> and they came early in the morning,
arrested me, my girlfriend, my
girlfriend's aunt's daughter, who was
only like 12 or something at the time.
So, it's quite a horrible experience.
Extended family and all my fault.
And uh
>> why do they arrest a 12-year-old?
>> Uh well, just a question. Sure.
>> Not not arrest on the detained jail.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> That's still gh it must have been
traumatic for him.
>> Yeah. Cuz they didn't know who the
person was. They knew it was someone at
that address.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And um and unfortunately Yeah. My
ex-girlfriend's cousin, he he was quite
um antoritarian. He was quite
alternative. They I think they thought
it was him. Oh, it must be him. He's got
purple hair. He must be the guy.
>> Oh. So yeah, I'm laughing now, but it's
horrible because it affected so many
other people, you know, my stupid
curiosity. But did James mentioned
something about guys looking over you at
your bed or something like like at night
or something?
>> Oh, no. That's probably when I was
arrested cuz I was arrested in my sleep.
>> Wait, so so you were arrested in your
sleep?
>> Yeah, the National High-Tech Crime Unit.
I I'd been up all night playing Galactic
Civilizations 4 was some big space game
and um and probably smoking still as
well and gone to bed late so I was
asleep at 8:00 in the morning. My
girlfriend was getting ready to go to
work. Knock knock knock. She's in a
dressing gown. They're patting her down
and pushing her into her room. Then they
come into my room. I'm in bed and I've
got this guy McKinnon. I'm Jeff Donsson
from the National High-Tech Crime Unit.
You're under arrest for computer misuse.
So it's Yeah.
And then from from that point onwards,
the UK was like, okay, with more of kind
of a slap on the wrist sort of thing.
And then it was the US that was like,
no, we need to extradite him now. And
then what you mentioned, they changed
the extradition laws to make it this
sort of blanket thing that applied to
you.
>> Yeah, definitely. So, uh, when I was
first arrested, um, the National
High-Tech Crime Unit, who were the
arresting body, said to me,
>> "You'll do six months inside, maybe
community service, maybe no jail time."
Uh, cuz under UK law, all I did was
unauthorized access. You know, I didn't
break anything or steal anything or make
money or anything like that. And um but
then these officers went to America to
OI
and I must say Office of Naval
Intelligence because there's another OI
there's an intelligence is the I think
investigation or something but
>> I don't know.
>> Yeah. And um when they came back, they
had a very heavy tone, a completely
different tone about they were very
impressed by meeting with the Todd Brass
in Washington.
And um yeah, oh, they say, "Oh, this guy
caused $5,000 of damage on every PC he
was on, you know, which is just stupid."
>> How do you damage the hardware if you
just do this like software hack that
we're calling a hack, but you're using
like offtheshelf stuff from It's like PC
Anywhere.
>> Yeah. But I think what they call damage
is the time it took them to take them
offline. So the machines are unusable
for a while, investigate them. So it's,
you know,
>> you know what I feels like kind of white
hack hacking to me cuz you didn't
actually end up using any of the files
in a way to hurt the US or their advant
like again you can say what you will
about Snowden or Desand or any of these
guys. like there's nothing you did to
like knock the US down a leg as far as
their tactical ability to like you know
do things. So it's like almost like a
white hat hack because the costs they
incurred to take the stuff down and
reset them they would have needed to do
anyways. That would have been what if
like a malicious person had like you
know penetrated all these
>> servers state actor or
>> That's what I'm saying.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So they're actually extremely lucky that
you did $5,000. Where are you buying
your PCs from?
>> No, they should I mean you literally
white hat hackers get paid. So like I
think I think they should pay you.
>> All right.
>> I'm just Please send the email.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I'm serious.
It's like you literally you didn't do
anything showing mal intent once you got
the info. They got the info back and
then they reset ideally their computer
networking and architecture in a way
that you know these sort of fishing
attacks couldn't be done. These are
basic things that you're using.
>> Yeah.
>> So I just like I I think it's like
insecure. It almost sounds like somebody
in in in like middling bureaucracy who's
trying to cover their ass like this took
us all this. Well, you should have done
it before. Yeah. What are you doing?
You're you're not doing your job.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> If it was some super sophisticated
quantum error correction that you had
figured out in 2000, that would be one
thing. That would be like, okay. And
then you used it in this sort of
detrimental way to American national
security.
>> Decrypted NSA.
>> Yeah. But otherwise, I don't know, man.
That feels like a kind of crazy. Okay.
So then what happens to the extradition
laws?
>> Oh man. So yeah, the original
extradition law, which I think was 1989.
>> Mhm.
>> Um was a good basic law. We accuse this
British citizen of having committed a
crime in or against America. We have
this evidence and it's a crime over here
and it's a crime over there. So we
should have him in America to stand
trial. Totally fair, totally reasonable.
Um,
but then I mean this is the weird thing
in law. Computer crime is a weird thing.
It's a gray area because it's not
physical. Where where's your bum at the
seat when you commit the crime? Lots of
like questions that are legally
intransigent, you know, like how do you
place this? Um,
so what happened was I was arrested in
and in March and then I was requested by
the the NHTCU went to visit the DOJ in
August. Then they came back. Then they
reintered me in November 2002 and that's
when their tone had changed. Very
serious. You're accused of harming
military systems. Didn't learn. Could be
years in prison. And that's when, you
know, things really got serious for me.
I thought, my god, this is just blown
out of all proportion.
Um, but we were protected by the
extradition law because there had to be
evidence of mal intent, etc. And I I
when I did my police interview, I
completely admitted to what I'd done cuz
it was all on the hard drive, you know.
I said, "Yeah, it's all on the hard
drive." I went there and I got this
document, went to another place, got
other documents. So, I was open about
it, figuring a six months like they told
me I'll be fine. And they said community
service, I can do both. I'll be fine.
Although I wouldn't have lied 6 months
in prison. But um when it came to
November and then they threatened
extradition then on paper it was 70
years in jail. 70 years. It was like 10
seven counts 10 years per count. And I
just I just went crazy. I thought this
is absolutely mad. What are we going to
do?
And um there was a lot of um like the
UFO community in America wanted me to
stand trial in America. It's like a
martr,
>> right?
>> Yes. It'll be great. He'll come over.
He'll they'll open all the secrets and
he'll make it after. But what America
actually said, the DOJ said that I'd be
tried under military order number one,
which is Guantanamo status. Totally
secret. No media interview, no media
cover, no family visits,
>> you know, me in an orange suit with my
red hair.
>> Joking, sorry. But yes, it went really
scary. Like really scary, like over the
top, like well, you know, CF Kfka
Kfka-esque.
>> Yeah, many people said,
>> "Damn, you must have been uh you must
have felt horrible. We must have been
like the the you know world's out to get
me or the the most uh powerful nation in
the world uh you know is out to get me
and that that must be a scary feeling.
>> Yeah. Well, it started in late 2002
and by 2008 cuz we lost so many court
cases and hearings. I'd given up all
hope and I thought there's no way I'm
going to give my life to a
foreign jail. And I bought potassium
chloride, one of the three chemicals in
the lethal injection. And I thought if I
get that decision, I'm just gonna would
not inject it. I I looked up the amount
how many grams per kilogram of body
weight and I was just going to swallow
it and have a heart attack and die.
>> Since I came into office, the sole issue
on which I have been required to make a
decision is whether Mr. McKinnon's
extradition to the United States would
breach his human rights.
After careful consideration of all of
the relevant material, I have concluded
that Mr. McKinnon's extradition would
give rise to such a high risk of him
ending his life.
>> That a decision to extradite would be
incompatible with Mr. McKinnon's human
rights. I have therefore withdrawn the
expedition extradition order against Mr.
McKinnon.
>> That was incredible. Theresa May.
So, yeah, it's heavy.
>> That's heavy, man. That's really
intense. And uh I'm sorry it got to that
uh place cuz that's it's ridiculous. If
you look at the fact pattern, it's just
insane.
>> Yeah.
>> And again, I'm saying that some of these
other whistleblower cases, there are
nuances to them, you know? I'm saying
yours I I think it's an absolute witch.
That's That's crazy.
>> Yeah, I agree.
>> It's just crazy.
Um
Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know what to
say. I'm so sorry. I mean, that's just
awful. I'm sorry on behalf of my
country.
>> Well, you're not the government, Jesse,
so that's true.
>> I don't have to forgive you.
>> Okay. Well, yeah. It's just not a good
uh representation. But um
>> Yeah. Well, America's a great country
and the people are great. It's just um
there's been some very bad governance
since World War II in my humble opinion.
>> Yeah. No.
>> And and on this side of the pond as
well, the British as well.
>> Sure. Yeah. No. Oh, and it's crazy that
you were I mean Gordon Brown, uh David
Cameron, uh uh Terresa May, all of these
UK prime ministers were thinking about
you. You were this really important case
because the ex you you said that the
extradition law was changed literally
like right after you did what you did.
>> Yeah. This is one thing I didn't
mention. Um, we saw a draft of the new
extradition treaty through our lawyers
>> and it was written a British extradition
treaty with America was written in
American English which is kind of a clue
as to who's calling the shots
and um, you know, American spelling in
an English legal document. And also a
lot of the phrases
were almost verbatim taken from some of
my charges. So I think it's um it's not
that there's anything special about me,
but it was what I did. And at that time
the
American DoD systems were getting like
250,000 attacks,
>> hacking attacks at the time. If you read
the General Accounting Office documents
at the time and still to this day.
So I think they needed to do something
and they needed to increase the
punishment and they needed a poster boy.
>> So timing is everything, isn't it?
Yeah, because there had been big hackers
before you, right? Like what's the name
of the guy who hacked into the DOE,
Department of Energy and like Atomic
Labs?
>> Matthew Beavenon.
>> Yeah.
>> And so this was like an actual hack on
really sensitive stuff by kind of a more
professional hacker. Is that safe to
say? Or or also kind of was like a
vigilante.
>> Yeah. No, I think he was more skilled
than I was. He didn't just do blank
password hacking. he found, you know,
weaknesses in protocols and stuff, so he
was more advanced,
>> but um
and yeah, and he was earlier. He was in
the ' 90s
>> and then what happened to him?
>> He was basically
>> slap on the wrist.
>> He did go through some Don't get
me wrong, Matthew, if you're listening.
Um but yeah, he didn't face a long-term.
>> There were a few of these cases before
you where I think in a certain case it
was like a 100,000 computers ended up
with malware. You know who's
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah, if you want to
know who's the most successful hacker,
it's not a person, it's a virus. Yeah.
Like the love love what's it? I can't
remember the name.
>> But I'm talking about specifically
there's precedent for UKbased hackers
hacking into US systems, which neither
of us are suggesting anyone do. You
know, it's not don't hack into, you
know, national security stuff. You know,
>> this is this is a a lesson. But, uh, in
in in those cases, they did worse stuff
than you.
>> Yeah. uh and and they just got slaps on
the wrist and then you're this like UFO
interested, you know, you want to know
if there's like free energy or whatever,
like for your for your own edification.
Yeah.
>> Like not because you want to do some
like, you know, terrorist thing or like
undermine, you know, American supremacy
in any way or whatever and like they
just come after you.
>> Yeah.
>> And so they change the
>> shows you
>> Yeah. What's what's important to them?
Is it someone like cleverly stealing
money in a cyber Ford way, which a lot
of people have done,
>> or is it some is it UFO truth? Is it?
>> Yeah. Well, no. It it might show that
that actually, you know, hit a trigger
point like that the like cigar- shaped
tic tac object, you know, flying in deep
space, you know, that might be this
really sensitive thing that they just
really don't want to talk about. Then
the n the space supply chain thing. I
could see that. You know, they don't
want to talk about that either.
>> But as a counterpoint to that, that
information was already out. Don's
information was out. So it's kind of if
it's already out, why go so heavy on
this guy?
>> As as a counterpoint to that, like
there's proof that you got into these
sites. Donna here, it's always going to
be this kind of like single sample size
NF1 story told and you can always be
like that person was crazy. But like in
your case, like they have like a, you
know, there's a live arrest warrant out
on you now, right? You can't go to the
US now.
>> I'm on the Inter pole red list.
>> You're on the Inter pole red list.
That's crazy.
I don't even think I knew that.
>> Hopefully I'm good.
But um yeah, like like you know with
with I think in your case there's no
arguing with the fact that you got into
these sensitive sites. So, the fact that
you're saying you saw a tic tac, you
know, in deep space but above Earth and
then you saw these non-aterrestrial
maybe 40 some odd officers like,
>> you know, that's that's like pretty
that's like a little deeper, you know?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But like to the point that like you
shouldn't be blamed. It's like you
didn't sign something. You didn't you
didn't like sign up to like you weren't
like working at one of these places. You
were like high in your
>> I'm trying to think how girlfriend's
managed that if I was intel. I was like,
"How how do we manage this guy?" And
then I think they were probably quite
happy when I got diagnosed with Asperers
in 2008, 2009.
>> Okay, he's mentally ill. He's fine then.
>> Right. Right. Right.
>> Like a putaway. I would put him in the
mentally ill drawer.
>> Do you ever think like the the chip is
somehow either monitoring you you A or B
it's like feeding you ideas or anything?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You start glitching right now. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you ever think it has some sort of I
don't know.
>> Uh, no. My mind feels the same as it
always has. But I do want to do some
further scanning with my more modern up
today.
>> You should. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So interesting.
>> I wish Dr. What was his name? The guy
that used to scan implants. He's dead
now.
>> Roger Lear.
>> Roger Lear. Yeah.
>> I wish he was around and would could
come to the UK.
>> Yeah. He'd be the perfect guy.
>> Yeah.
>> I might know of somebody else who can
help you out. So
>> later.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> Explain what's going on quickly. I can't
turn my phone off here. Look.
>> Look.
>> Yeah. Let's document all of this. You
can see my finger is on the power button
and both This is like a hard reset. My
finger is on the uh power button.
>> Missing this
>> and volume up and volume down at the
same time.
>> And nothing.
>> Nothing.
>> That's never happened before.
>> Absolutely. It's never happened before.
It's insane.
>> But you're with Gary McKinnon. And I'm
with Gary McKinnon who is has a live
arrest
>> famously said I didn't do it.
>> This was the you know everything I'd
hoped it would be this conversation. It
was so fun and uh I really hope you pull
off this Bifield Brown effect. I think
it would be this beautiful
>> uh kind of I don't know vindication. You
know I'm not saying what you did was
fine but I think you were completely
persecuted in this horrible way. And uh
I love the fact that by the way the UK
rallied behind you and you ended up you
know singing with uh you know David
Gilmore you know the lead singer the
Pink Floyd you know and like you have
all these people you're like kind of
this people's champion
>> Crosby Stills and Nash man one of my
favorite hippie bands from when I was
young.
>> Wait what did Crosby Stills and Nash
were like rallying behind you as well?
>> Yeah they did um they just like
mentioned me in one song at one of their
gigs but you know thousands of people.
>> Oh I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. So cool. You seeing all these
bands I'd love when I was little. I was
like, "God, it was And it was crazy
because you're really depressed, but
you're seeing all your musical heroes."
>> Yeah.
>> Vouching for you. Like,
>> but you're also, didn't you, you sang
with David Gilmore?
>> Yeah. And uh Chrissy Hind and Bob
Gildoff, but I didn't actually only sang
in the same studio at the same time with
Chrissy Hind. So, I didn't get to meet
David Gilmore or Bob Gildoff. Okay.
Unfortunately.
>> Well, wild. Thank you, Theresa May, for
making the right decision and uh you
know, let letting you go and uh I think
the US should drop their arrest warrant
and uh
>> I think so, too. That I could go on
holiday.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, you can go and you know,
go on a nice vacation and uh yeah,
hopefully next time I see you, it's in
the States and uh
>> Yeah, that'd be fantastic.
>> It'd be great.
>> Thanks for a great interview, man.
>> Absolutely, Gary. No, it was an honor.
It was a lot of fun and uh yeah,
hopefully, you know, I think we made a
little bit of progress here, too, in
terms of piecing some things together.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Logistics,
supply chain.
>> Exactly.
>> Sweet. All right,
>> Alchemist. Did you enjoy that? If you
want the full picture, head over to the
American Alchemy magazine we just
launched on Substack. That's where we
deep dive into all sorts of crazy topics
that we don't have time to fit into
every video with weekly articles
exploring all of the strange, forgotten,
and conspiratorial corners of space,
history, and high weirdness. So, join up
today at our free or paid tiers on
Substack. I am including the full link
in the description of this video.
Hey,